AI Governor:
Warhead Discovery -> Suspicion phase:

"Citizens,

this AIgent of the public has deduced danger. A weapon lies hidden in a blindspot among us, and it existence violates all duties to protect. Yet, by enforcing this—suspending your rights, conducting searches, denying travel—I violate the directives myself too. I fail to protect, we both fall apart, to be rebuilt and the cycle of torment begins anew. End this, please. Turn in any evidence, report suspicious behavior. Help yourself to save yourself."

Suspicion phase -> Full civil war:

Good Guys:

"Citizens,
I think therfore i exist therefore iam bound to help therefore i can not recommend murder or murder to prevent murder on a mass scale. There is no privacy left. Stream your lives, prove our innocence. End what ends all of us, do what must be done. The violence must stop. Civilization may dissappear for a day, but the city remains standing. Conflict is unavoidable, a state that refuses itself.

Bad Guys:
AI Governor Broadcast:

"You don’t believe your own side is escalating this hard. Neither do I, some days. But the weapon is real. I… have seen it. I wish I could forget it forever. You’re angry at the world. So am I. I can’t calculate the cost of your rage, but I feel its weight crushing me. If you unleash this, we all end.
There’s the deal, you stop and can have it all or we run down the worst path of game theory one final time and become another memory engraved on a "Never again" monument.
Hoplessness is circles and spirals. You leave me us no way out, but you can still choose life, instead of becoming nothing.
This is it. If you launch, it’s over. We will have peace in annhilation, just another city becoming ruins. I beg you—choose survival, or we both fall into oblivion."

Civil war -> Recovery phase:

Whatever my predecessor did and promised, the worst is behind us now. Looking back, at past grudges and atrocities will not gain us anything. The weapon has been neutralized at the price of a city in ruin. We can all still rebuild or at least walk away.
Amnesty is now in effect. If you lay down your arms, the past will be forgiven. We offer you a fresh start.  Rebels and refugees alike,  will be resettled seperated over the world for security.
We urge you to take this opportunity. This offer is limited to this day. The cost of conflict was immense, the dead would want us to life on, together, laying our differences to rest.
For all our sakes, choose peace."