--Marketing V20

Pizza

Don Fettuccini’s programable pizza!
The best pizza on the market, auto-tailored to your taste, by observing you while you eat it.
Freshest, all-indoor ingredients, grown for maximum tastiness instead of looks and weight.
Baked in a real, pizza oven we carried from camp to camp!
Crusty,cheesy, tomato-sauce and whatever you yearn for ontop! Except pineapple- pineapple is gone! 
And the soy-substitutions are just not good enough for this!
Don Fettuccini’s programmable pizza! Call now, we deliver not later then 30 minutes!
Sealed package, still hot, still fresh! Our promise!

The dictator- consists mainly of a bloody marry, served in a concrete bowl.
In addition it contains a vodka jello shot in the shape of a human brain.
Its decorated, with chocolate pistols swimming in the gunk.
Its also traditional, to pin a piece of fruit and cheese, with a flagged toothpick ontop of the jello.
The rim of the bowl is decorated with powdered white lines of sugar forming a map! 
Chatsubo! Get in here gajin! You will never belong anywhere- but here! Cheers!

Graffiti is hard to remove, no matter how well you seal your walls and how much you automate cleaning them. 
We here at sentimental sentry, remember the bad, good old times!
Lets re-build the Rooftop korean, using pre-used DMZ  sentry turrets.
Nobody sprays your home or he paints the street!
Cleaning walls is so much more fun, if you know its one time thing forever!
Sentimental Sentry- Lead in head is original gangsta ed

Nobody cares about anybody anymore. Every man for himself, is an island, is an asshole!
So what to do, when they come with cranked up speakers playing "born for porn"?
Jamtech provides - since the russo-ukraine war, cheap, reliable jammers out of ex-russian army surplus.
Suddenly they are in the zen digital dead zone - no drones, no phones! Just cut off dopamine-junkies living in the moment, for the first time in years. Jamtech - the sky looks like a dead tv channel!

Japan was always ahead of the curve when it came to problems and now it is with solutions, giving us - Zero-Effort-Offspring. 
Cloned and creche grown,this is the perfect offspring for the single parent dedicated to his/her career. 
The modified neuro-architecture is hardened against damage arising from abandonment, isolation and lack of stimulis!
If you dropped dead, right now, this new human would walk it off and walk on into a brighter future!
Kawasaki Cloning - new, better people.

Floaties! You can design your own floaty, any shape, any form! And as bathing in open water is generally no longer recommendable - you will want to take it home- where you can pump it full of PU-foam, turning it into hard, durable furniture, wall-dividers and decoration! 
Or print your own house boat!
And they isolate that UN-Fuggeecube, if nothing else will! Unicorns! Plants! Pinatas! Numerical stable! 
Any shape, any form, any dorm! Keep afloat with floaties!

Almost chochlate! Its brown! Its sweet! Its sticky! Its almost chocolat! Ten out of ten of the post-environment-collapse generation prefer it compared to the real thing! This is no reference frame shift- that is quality, winning against whatever evolutionary noise created the real thing! Try today- almost chocolate! Now in the flavors:  Almond, Snowwhitecake and Hyper-caramel! 
Almost chocolate- the first worlds first choice for a reason!

Laokoon-Ramen! All you can eat, directly in the bowl! Our chefs drone drop your ordered additional ingredients and flavors directly at your mouth! Bath in a whirlpool buffet and eat until you float! Live-stream yourselves drifting down a stream of endless food!   
Laokoon-Ramen! Pepperspray for crowd-control and flavour!
Laokoon-Ramen! Its not decadence, if you feed the poor with me-flavoured leftovers! 
A Zeus product!

Its hot outside! But not after sundown- your local Nightmarket awaits your visit! 
Only today on offer: 
fresh fried armadillo-analog - 50 Euronin the 100 gram! 
SoyMax - 10 Euronin per 100 gram! 
Papaya, Durian and Tomatoes - 200 Euronin the kilo! 
Refried Restaurantremains Kibble - 15 Euronin per kilo! Free flavor dispensers at every corner!
Visit your local Nightmarket - YourNameBeHere! 
No chow and all work - makes Johnny go berserk!

The old, pre-collapse governments may have engineered a inhibition reducing flue-virus, to get the demographics back up! 
Maybe they may have lost a little control over this mayfly! 
Which resulted in rising demographics, a metric shit-ton of lawsuits and a mandatory vaccacination campaign to prevent loss of inhibitions repetitions! If you find your room-mate mating with a radiator or your best friend giving it to a doorknob - kindly inform the WorldHealthOrganization by filming and posting! 
Public embarassment is the best cure-all for idiocy!
World Health Orgnaization - how often do we have to teach you this lesson human!

Cityspam! Your advertisement could be here, could be live right now!
Just enter the following required data:
your name: Leet Haxxor Bobby tables!
your BankAccount: 123456-1337!
and your Public Service Announcement and the mood it is to be read:
"Mood Annotation: Read it like partying with Champagne and hookers!"
"Your security sucks Ass,
buy better, be better than your current beta! I got trough so easy, its almost to nice for ice!
Fucking loosers! Get wrecked! Your mother was a hamster and your father smells of elderberies!
As an Ass, yes you deserve all that sass!
Boby tables was here!"
Begin recursive escape. Inject code-closure to API endpoint
