These are dangerous times, you cant trust anyone.
Revolutionaries, AI-Cults and the flat out insane are everywhere!
And thanks to technology- it only takes one guy for all things to come undone forever.
The only solution to peaceful coexistence is everybod taking everybody hostage.
Battle Royal Collars are the best way to keep a low-thrust society nice! 
All it takes to loose your head, is a majority vote by the panopticon community!
Who has been a bad boy? Nobody has been a bad boy! Yay!
Libertee! Egalitee! Collateralee - Battle Royal Collars!

Electric Buddhism- is the one way to reduce our ecological footprint.
Sitting all day in the sun, starring at a electrically charged rock, watching the colored light dance!
All things fade from you, desires, feelings, attachments - the unhappy dream that is society. Embrace nilwanna, sink into the void below, to be reborn as the absence of all things, walking this world! MetaStasis!

Old, viable plantparts are worth a fortune. Hidden, dry, pressed into old books or cloths in some forgotten crate, your grandmas "dirt" may be the last know example of a extinct species. 
This maybe the chance to restore the old forrests! Replace the neophytes that have replaced the plants after the worldburning. We can bring them back, keep them alive this time, if only we had the DNA to restore them. Bring any seedstock to the Ministry of nature! Huge rewards! 
Especially for sequoia, oak, ferns and roses!

Unhappy with the politics of your current localegal? 
Why not join an local enclave of a ideology thats more suited to you?
Many enclaves are legally registered with UNATO and will happily accept new permanent members!
So, instead of protesting for stalinism, just go and live the dream - in a North Korean Enclave near you. If your extreme views have been recognized by the panopticon - 
you and your new local legal may even be entitled to monetary migration support.

Our Tortillas are the best - because they are made with original, non-pirated wheat! 
You too should demand that all your food is all original! Demand HyperCal, AgriMax and SoySum!
Pirating patented plants is stealing, the resulting plants are vurnerable and will infect your loved ones with horrible diseases.
Loose a dollar by saving a dime, while your face melts off due to copyright crime!
Geenerippin subscription plants - is stealing - you will face the consequences!
Real good food has a grown trademark license on every leaf. 
All the defeat you can eat - A San Monto awareness campaign!

Chinese mitten crabs or the asian jumping carp, have hyperadapted to human hyperpredation for 4000 years! 
A natural integral part of the foodchain. If you find a hidden spot where those invasive species dwell, call farmer todds friendly shredding service! We grind them all down to paste so nothing goes to waste!
Returning them to the food chain, the burger chain, ending at your mouth.
The weight of the catch we match in All-you-can-eat coupons!
Farmer Todds friendly shredding service - Nature is bountiful, nature is beautiful!

In todays day and age its vital to know where extremists may strike next.
We provide you, for little money, a forecast, that your local legals secretly wishes it had.
Greenwar bioattacks, realist cyberattacks, religous fanatics festivals or just military action against something new everyday! We know it - because we have sources on the inside. 
Weatherman, that other weather app for a new dangerous world!












