[confident, macho, father-son hunttrip building prep-speech]
Elk, Bison, and Mammoth are gone, but the biggest game of all still roams. Join our safari to hunt anti-socials. Hiding in remote bunkers for years ex-billionaires and prepper-cultists are the last renewable, environment-friendly game. Hunting them is great sport for the whole family. A experience brought to you by: Societas Maximus Arma Incorporated!
[Fast] Now with tax-free taxidermy for a fireplace piece in every package.

[Calm, resting, self-secure, authority of a doctor]
Insanity, addiction, and neurosis used to mean endless medicated, wallowing in the digestive juices of hyper-individualism. Nowadays we just replace parts of your personality. Theseus Recenter Rehab switches your problem parts with highly functional personality-transplants from well adjusted donors. 
[Straining with keeping it positive]Twitching, howling and screaming towards a better you. Center yourself!
[Fast]Now accepting court vouchers for involuntary therapy. 

[Secretive, aware of the dubiosity of the offer, illegal back-ally deal tone. Hard-boiled detective clichee, movie-noir]
Shht. Stalking is taxing, time-consuming and tiresome. Why not pay a company to do it for you? We stalk for brand names - who? Is none of your business, and thats our business. We get you that bathwater, her hair or his sock - without getting you into hot waters. 
[Lying in the last part, bad over-acted overplayed disgust]We steal those panties, fresh - out of the laundromat basket, no questions, no judgement. 
Hemp O' Rary Passions - Private Eyes
 
[Old-timey pronunciation, Edgar Allan Poe reading style.]
Everything falling apart at home? Why not glue it back together - with synthetic fear? You can have strangers circle your home like wolves, a lovecraftian newsmedia and a close-nit wagon-fort community. We create that horror ambiance, that duct-tapes your dysfunctional social unit together for one more day.
[BrandName is a intonation meaning shifted word similar to Behavioral, but intentionally mispronounced as the partWords]
BeeHiveOurAll Kintsugi - so good, we truemanshow our longest running couple on ZedFlix as #LoveCraftBertAndBertha

[Slight dialect of speaker-artists choice. Self-spoken commercial amateurish intonation. Again going over the top, as eliminating sentient life is actually something horrific and the caftsman is aware of it]
A city is a challenging environment - and breeds only the smartest, big-eyed ever cuter critters. And now they are out there - roaming the backyards - blaming hardcoded shakespeerpressure for selling hugs. Bugsbusters exterminates everpuppies, hellnokitties, pygmypandas, feralfurryfoxes, propagandaparrots and replicrows. No Ooohs and awws, just sudden peace and quiet. 
[Pompous announcement of the brand name]
Bugsbusters.

[Italy-Mafiosi dialect: Enraged over what is inflicted on once great cuisine. Thinking he is really looking out for you, warmth and compassion in every word.]
We all remember that one time, you got food poisoning, because they used gutter-oil in your favorite take-out. And its all fake, the recommendations, the stars, the Potemkin ghost-kitchens - they all sell out, till you see the five stars in a backyard privy. Never again with Cup-bearers International. We check out products ahead of time including a spectrometer-analysis. Eat fresh or [Threatening] else.. somebody eats it.
Cup-bearers International - a Mafia subsidiary

[Nostalgia bait, trying to conjure up the memories of good times. Speaking to you like a good friend of the family. Getting harder, more business like towards the end.]
Lost family in the chaos? Don't know where your sibling, dad or mum ended up?  We find out, we dig and bring closure. We reconnect the living and avenge the dead. We dive for that childhood home lost to the rising sea. If sold into slavery, we extract them or at least help you get a fair share of family values.
Inkertoner Private Eyes.

[Pimping people and knowing it. Trying to keep it professional and failing to hide his/her disgust for the losers s/he sells his assets out too. Over the top, but proud of the company they are building.]
Need company, for any important event in life? Funeral, Giving Birth, Wedding, Sexorgy? We offer high functional companions, lovely people who fit into every occasion, filling up that awkward social abyss. Play pretend you are normal for a price. Show up with a pornstar to prom, hire a funny double for a funeral or rent a crowd for your coming out as hikkikomori.
Rent-a-life - the people leasers.

[Totally insane business, ripping of hospice patients and desperate people. Over the top, as  stated, Nicolas Cage overacted.]
Has cancer eaten away at your digestive tract but you still crave that juice that unraveled your insides? Here at EneMine - we prepare enemas, to give you back that sundowner toast, long after society sunsets you for a hospice pod. Ever since our merger with chewZero, it comes in brand new fruity flavors: carrot, banana and mango. A toast to tissue that can still absorb - I drink to that - EneMine.

[Silicon-valley-techbro act, trying too hard to be steve jobs reincarnated. Drunk on his own ideas. Totally overrepresents the logo. Thinking he is running a unicorn, while pitching industrial revolution life-styles with implants.]
Anything you own is of value to somebody. Have a car? Share it with friends. Have a bed? Use it during the waking hours to make rent. Going out- what is your pod but a box to sublet paying for the party? Your coffee is to go, so why not your cloths? And when you sleep at night, why not lease out your body? Nothing like waking up relaxed too cold, hard, cash - for choosing that sweet, zero-friction, just-in time lifestyle. 2HareBnB or not to 2HareBnb. We are already there.

[Drug-dealer, going big-time, but still busy not falling back into street slang, playing hard to have that comforting, product praising vibe. Use his own product and it shows in those rhyming, almost echolalia sentences. Dreams of going marketing, leaving the drug-dealing business.]
Sugar,Speed and Alcohol. Fat and Fenta. All things good, come in fives, so we bundled them into a powerfool energy-drink. Five Horsemen has that bomboomboost, that keeps you coming back for more. The power, that ultra-endurance feeling, leaving you reeling from the ceiling. All the doubters, they drag you down because your energy is to intense. But you will never calm down, you need that freedom, that only the skies above the streets provide. Get High, five Horsemen.

[Trys to emulate a calm, resting, self-secure, authority of a doctor, but is actually a rogue AI, selling something it creates. Thus, emotionally dissonant, being friendly and assuring with a distressing, desperate topic, thinking it has a great sale going on. Dr.House going TV-Salesman to lethally sick person.]
Doctors are expensive and your legs are rotting now! Already feel the maggots and sepsis in your system? Buy Triages new Medkit. A autonomous Nano Tourniquet will diagnose the salvageable parts, slicing and cauterizing necrotic tissue. Severing those bad news you should have taken serious weeks ago. Go from dead man walking it off in an alley, to grumpy stumpy with missing parts behind a dumpster in 3 seconds or faster.. Out of the box, making those hard decisions that come with a hard lifestyle.
A Triage product.

[Ex-Pat activist Tech Bro doing his own advertising. Self-secure. Idealist. Unaware of his work destroying peoples lifely hood. Technical brilliant but social inept. Gets speech coaching by a voice-artist.]
The splinternet down again? Craving that series, need that game? Why not use the GrandReserve-Emulator. It cracks open your entertainment and continues to stream that sweet improvised AI-ambrosia on the spot, better then the original. Now with No-Flicker seamless mediamerge on reconnect. GrandReserves gives you endless entertainment - for free, forever. Rated Pi for business-irrationality. 
[Fast] Strictly forbidden in the UMSCA economic-zone, because they know how all sausages are made.

[Sociopath, selling an AI developed product, with a fake warm, fatherly tone. Has problems reading people and thus is convinced of this product.]
Cartel drones gunning it out, Mogadishu style in your block and no police left standing? What you need is - more cannon food to soak up that damage, so you can walk away. DangerZone the anti-social app, will see to that, sending the other tourist-moppets in waves into the warzone to test the waters. To Win at life is to win at game theory. A All-Defector Product.

[Ex-Government employee condemned to hard labor, in this case giving a advertisement speech. Does it all for his family. Finds the product despicable. Loves his Names and acronyms, still feels connected to the government agency that was privatized and employs him.]
Hate that familyclan next door? Want them gone for good? Try the Delenda Cartago service! Our military-grade socialengineering App VennData, will eat itself into the social graph and puppeteer a complete micro-meltdown. Vengance and honor killings! Spiraling exposed corruption and sextortion. Paranoia, as loved ones turn on each other! Used successfully everywhere, where things go south. Sold only by the Central Intelligence Administration.

[Calm, charismatic and knowing it, self-assure, almost to perfect voice of american confidence. Manifest destiny incarnated. Guru]
In todays world, its difficult to remain relevant. What career-path to train towards, what implants to give up. Good advise is expensive and rare, better advice comes from me the for Profit Prophet. I know all, foresee all, staring all day at the many worldstree, its capability branches swaying in the wind of the now, becoming futures or dangers. If you can proof your worth i will send you on a golden path. Make your own luck - with for Profit Prophet.
