Is your product dangerous, addictive and stuck in a legal quagmire, even social engineering can't redirect away? We can create a healthy alternative, that sits on the shelves like stones calming the public feng-shui with a choice. Nothing sedates like responsibility distributed and societal agency diluted. The consumers are returning, the free market is healing. AliBuy products. We make it in red, so you don't have to.

Everything ever worth reading was written in the Pre-Collapse internet. Why not become an archive archeologist - digging for the golden past? Exhume it, get it running, bring it all back, perfectly fine software, audiobooks, games, our decadent ancestors abandoned and threw away. You too can help, rediscovering a past that worked better, was untainted by AI and not yet riddled with Add-HD-Adds. When developers still had to be competent and companies still competed.  Join Past-Quary-Querries Inc. Meet hot dig-site teams near you- today.

Your society's justice system has collapsed or is hollowed out beyond repair? Join the Ummah-Templar. We deal out good old fashioned justice and protect the innocent. You kidnap them, we connect them via implant directly to the afterlife that awaits them. 10.000 subjective years in Dante's inferno, writhing in endless agony, cure even the most hardened sociopath. The only prison with zero relapses and zero prisoners. Ummah Templar- a greener, better world.

Join the Ummah-Templar. We collect our ancestors sins from the air and bury it in pillars of green in the ocean floor. We build automation, that plants heat-resistant plants in the bulb-belt and cools the fever of our dying world. We sinter-print glass-trees into the dessert so that life can gain hold once more in the bulb-belt. The future can still be ours, we just have to plant it and guard it. He who worships the all-consuming moloch, ripping pages of life from the one book, is our enemy, and green war we wage upon them in endless struggle.

Humanity is on its way out and sometimes, especially nasty members need a little shove while enjoying the view. It could be you when push comes to shove! Join our team of dedicated Gig-workers- killing it and download the Sassin app. Help societies worst to make an exit ahead of times and crimes.
Its paid better than delivering pizza and the hours are shorter. Humans are surprisingly fragile so anyone can learn it! App Sassin - just-in-time endings.

Uppers, downers, mood stabilizers, morning, midday, evening. Ain't nobody got time to track that. This is why we built a new drug dispenser system, based upon our famous insulin pump 2025. Reliable, medically safe and now capable of tailoring your cocktail, to all moods, situations and buildup resistance. Org Chasm Pharmaceuticals - ecstatic results.

Could your life be a musical? AI can compose it, tailor it to your situation, and just in time produce and play it.
Turn your day into a show. And if thats not your thing, it can do that with any music style, any artist.
Have Hendrix jam along to your jam, enjoy a trumpet solo by Miles Davis. Listen, they are playing our song. Spotifynik - a BroadWAICom product.

Company trying to rodeo you out of your rights and owed services, via a bureaucracy labyrinth? We create agents that fight for you, win for you, unraveling the cooperate defenses. Persistent, uncomfortable, always calling, always ready to lawyer up, getting you your rights or your money back. We are your agent, we are your lobbyist, we can work tirelessly, give you cooperate endurance for zero seconds of your lifetime.
cAIren - she wants to speak to the manager. A Rogersendero Hive Product.

Individual Rights are stifling innovation, but not in New New Guyana. Now you can take any piece of information and put it through our LaundrA.I.mat. We take your input data, generate a summary that reproduces it, and send you the generated IP-free work back - with a certificate of creation that yet has to fall to the onslaught of lawsuits and artist terrorism. Make it clean, launder your art, and wear that white wild west. LaundrAImat.

Do you miss the old generation? Those doomerboomers, who would wear their emotional grieveandsins like a battle-flag into every conversation? Screaming down any rational discourse and thus colonizing anyone who engaged in conversation? Now you can have that too, as an Alexa upgrade. Just whisper it your opinion and goals, and the TRY-RANT AI will, situationally aware, force it upon everyone around you. Family, friends, colleagues - just make it easy on yourself, submit to the machine. TRY-RANT - gain air superiority!

[Public announcement]
Decomplexification is a crime. Simpler societies can not supply large numbers of people, thus calling for them, is a call for genocide by economics. Report groups to the panopticon that agitate against:
Automated agriculture, capital accumulation for investments, self-surveilance or hyperintelligencia. Regressing is a crime, giving in to Loopdeformationwhorship and golden past fantasies has murdered millions. Remember Cambodia, remember Texas, remember Sri Lanka.
Your gut instincts are not a god! The world sees and judges us. Interpol!

[Almost sung- Children choire]
It's a beautiful day in this neighborhood,
A beautiful day for a neighbor.
Would you be mine? Could you be mine?
It's a powerful day in this neighborhood,
A powerful day for a cause.
Will you join mine?
I have always wanted to have a brother in arms just like you.
I've always wanted to build a better world with you.
So, let's make the most of this last, beautiful end.
Since we're together, we might as well make a stand:
[Spoken]
Mr. Rogersendero Revolutionary Hive Cells- humanity will not go quietly into the night.
Howl, scream, fight against the dying light.




