979 words

[Serious Advertisement as found in the business sector towards professionals aka to a stiffer audience, that is constant on the lookout for lapses by others. Not to bubbly, but also hinting at the escape door provided.
No swearwords or dirty words of any kinds, even a slight hesitation to use non-professional lingua.]
Love your job more than anything, but serving that mega is no joke. No freedom, no way to express your stress. And thanks to neural-com, mandatory brains scans and drug requirements, everything is a metric, everything is KPI, there is no escape. Except now there is - Rebellyell Daydream, the implant by Cortex. While the rest of the souldeadeyed workaholics slaves away, your frontal lobe can escape into a pocket-universe powertrip. Form a punk band, smash a porcelain store, step on tokyo! No daydream to wild, no fantasy to mild. On the outside, submissive, usefool powerplayer - on the inside free. Now with a detailed configuration, how far your whole-zombie-work-self should go for your career. Cortex! 

[Business bubbly, but just at the start - aka the surface of the add. After that it gets serious fast and tries to find a 
nice tone around a not nice business.]
Your cooperation is running out of people plankton sustenance to filter feed your processes with? Our service identifies unique individuals in fragile families and breaks them down into digestible pieces. Providing qualified personal in a out of control world where everyone naturally huddles together. Some people, who money just can't buy, money can buy out of happiness. 
Look into our list of potential candidates today, order and we start breaking them down tomorrow. 
We also exfiltrate employees currently working for clingy competitors. 
Turner & Copperfield Human Resources Agency - always there on your path to growth. 

[Similar in tone to the Grand Theft Auto Commercials! Bubbly and enthusiastic to the max! Can be totally over the top, to transport the irony layer beneath]
Crunchy! Delicious! You will never get enough of Dr.Diabetus chocolate, toes. The cereal killer cereal! With that extra creamy filling and that chocolate crust stirring in you irresistible sugary lust. Some would give an arm or leg to have them right now. Eat them with milk! Dry from a bowl! From the floor! They go together with anything. Anywhere where food is sold, you can get your hands on: Dr.Diabetus chocolate toes. 

[Large cooperation advertisement. Dog/Cat mixup is intentional, to suggest living animals fading out of younger persons memory. Selling to the elderly, thus slower, nostalgic and using language of the past.]
Remember your dog and the cherry tree she used to climb? We grew up with all that - and then the ciscosis plague wiped it forever from the surface of the planet. Don't despair, cause from a hair, for you, for a time, for a price, we can bring it all back. Vatcloned bioreplicas, similar in every aspect, with synthetic memories and they grow up so fast. You can have today, flowers in your home with the dog waiting. Mass BioLabs. Life finds a way.

[Radio advertisement, to be heard in a fitting situation, like declutterers cleaning a apartment. Language choice is appealing to class solidarity. Workers area dialect?]
Hey! Don't burn that! Don't throw it on the biomass shredder either! Yeah, its wormy wooden furniture, but as long there is money in this world, there will be a rich weirdo willing to pay a years salary to put this antique into their mansion! ScanAndPan will buy and resell it for what it is really worth. Ripping copper cables is hard work, more money is in artwork - haul oil-paintings instead of panting oily. Find the Mona Lisa and you may have money enough to start liking old stuff yourself.

[Personalized Add for CEOs, to be heard in a limousine, by them and only them.]
Your companies pension fund is flush with cash today- but what about tomorrow? Medical progress just can't stop marching ever onwards. It can not work out, no matter how often you run the numbers. One mortal fool, working round the clock for a privateer planet can not be the answer. Old people used to be gone in the old days and we can bring them back, AppSassins. 

[Desperate product, tailored to a desperate audience. The additions are added on a different day, with a different audio setup. Trying to pretend to be gender-neutral, while only appealing to man fantasies.]
Yes! Yes! Yeeeeeeees! The love of your life is a erobot. Freshly escaped from its horny jail package, it will take you for a ride you won't forget. And it adores you, without demanding you change or bend to its will and whims. No expectations from you, just be there for it, while it tailors itself ever tighter to you. Erobots- a Locus Golemn Cooperation creation. 
Now with more safety features to prevent death by tantric exhaustion. 
Now with self-destruct pin, to prevent post-discard stalking.

[Immo-Add, selling you a house, actually the most expensive house ever, but also the only decent house on the market and they know it. Slogan is like a little poem, as in out of place, but in a classic "We make more money then we can spend" company splurge is okay way.]
Arcologies! They have everything you need under one roof. That old world lifestyle can still be yours, far away from poverty and violence. Obviously only a Mega can build, pay and run superstructures. But do not fret yet, even you can sublease a Arcology parcel and leave the rest of humanity for one of our bottlegarden paradises. 
ArcosSancti, little worlds, gleaming like pearls, in the ashes of ruins past.
We now have Arcologies on Mars - Valle Marinaris scan: "Serpent Lullaby Echo" and
Luna - Sea of Tranquility scan: "Chimera Pulse Reflection"

[Injured good! Late Night TV Add: Read bubbly listless from a script]
Judge Juans Automated Binding Arbitration: Now you can know ahead of times and without expensive legal counsel, whats the outcome of your case in arbitration is going to be. Enter your case into DataAccessBaseAuthority, our servers race, and within seconds you know how much they own you for your misery. Crime does pay if it happens to you! Reveal your history to us and we scan your past for even more owed compensation. Not everyone does, but JJABA DABA does! 

[Add is made of several recordings. Only quality part is the company Name and slogan. Rest is patchwork]
Work on a factory ship! Its well paid and taxfree. Ask your local gigwork agencies what work is currently available 3 miles offshore. Register special skills, as your family may be elligable for next saveharbor passage, if your localegal entity  starts collapsing. 
GerManufactorio Inc: Quality mobile manufacturing on demand, for a fragile, volatile world. 
Now hiring process technicians for MSMC the worlds largest chip producer fleet.
Now hiring welders for the Sungsam chaebol 3 seasted. 
Now searching for container storage onshore. Join the kontor program! 

[One mens disaster, is another mens opportunity. The Advertiser knows about people dying on the job, promotes 
it none the less. Bubbly, in a sickening, "Im glad its not me thats going" kind of]
Become a Bulbonaut! Just because a bulb-belt-city is abandoned, doesn't mean its not full of riches. 
We hire scrappers, willing to go down there and strip-mine the ruins. Not gonna lie, its risky work.
The few remaining cellardwellers and fanatics from the warming wars, are bloody dangerous.
But the reward is extraordinary too. Infrastructure, Factories, cars, stored goods, it all goes separated into then Hasbeenbin and is delivered to a wharf-factory-barge.
Pecunia Non Olet Inc - Now hiring for Jeedah, Teherean, Miami, Mhumbai, Rio and Shanghai!

