
What began as a garbage-bin revamp kit after Pakistindia, has grown up into BottleGarden Inc. 
For you too, can grow your own food, in clean soil! Any airtight container will do. 
Just install our waterproof LED-Lightning kit and tap the grid! 
Voila: Clean veggies, all you can eat, no sweat. And while your at it - buy the whole myLittleHydroPonicsset! 
Grow your own fish. Outdoors, indoors, hidden at work or on the roof.
BottleGarden Inc. Shine a little light on my paradise in a bottle!

Just like Mama made it! Noticed how all restaurants are just ingredients-kit-kitchens in the end? 
Add 2 cups of whatever, stir 3 times, mix it, fry it, serve it? 
We automated and refined that into the ultimate automated kitchen-
where everything is on the menu, you can bring a recipe for.
If you can think of it, we can make it! Watch it being cooked! Get kickbacks, if other guests order what you just had.
Its that good, because you perfected it. Not the Mama, not the Maid, its the Robo-Kitchenaid! 

Stressed out by the world? Meditating, but the stressors are relentless? 
Wake up, middle of the night grinding your teeth- or unable to sleep at all? 
Connect yourself- to the Moksha-Mind. One huge hive, dedicated to reaching nilwanna. 
Donate your worldly things, to charity! Dissolve yourself - achieve liberation from samsara!
Leave the world, leave your body, become one with the divine! 

We here at SanMonto - invented the hydroponic hyper-dwarf-barley - JohnBarleycorn. A plant so perfect, it can grow dense, bare fruit and die fermenting - all directly in the keg. The best automated mircofarmbrewerie on the market - making the best, earthy, ice-cold beer to ever hit your tongue. SanMonto-breweries! That bottomless keg, that keeps on giving. Twelve barrelbreweries plus solar and your stein may never run dry. A toast, JohnBarleycorn must die!
Psst! The corpos mustn't know. If you have to much beer now - buy the micro-distillery addon and you can make your very own brandy!

You need a vacation - and you deserve one. But the world is currently closed due to renovations?
We at DoesNay-World have specialized in simulated vacations! Going anywhere - whilegoing nowhere. Anytime, anyplace - and its all perfect. The white beaches, the blue ocean, the resort and the palmtrees. Any historic sites - you can visit! No warzone, no kidnappings, no graffiti, all pristine! DoesNay-World - a banksy product!  Now with Arcology shuttle service - zero-expsoure, riskfree travel! Ideal or your money back! DoesNay-World!

The end is never pretty and we still need forensic persons, to verify the source of death and to transfer any remains of value, before we kärcher the coffinflat! Yes, its goo with roaches on top! Yes, he died from mold, because not using the toilet does that to you. Yes, it ate him from the feet upwards at 1cm a day. No, he did not call for outside help, but ordered painrelief derms. Yes, the rest of the place is filled with garbage. Improvements? Could have been avoided, if com-tech didnt filter out the buzzing of flies. Next! Join your localegals forensic department. Boring work, excellent pay, same shit, different day!

ICE - Intrusion Countermeasures Electric is what protects the worlds institutions from intruders. These sentient labyrinthian structures, crafted by AI are deadly and he who can penetrate the ICE gets all the treasures. Maybe you got what it takes cowboy? Plugin and find out. Become a legend or just a crisp shadow on your flats carpet. Plug in, learn how to counter, sneak and survive it from the best of the best - black Diamond hosted by Dreams of Electric sheeps.

It is your right to protest against geo-engineering!
No, without sulfides injections into the jet-stream - earth would become double the hot-house immediately! 
Yes, we could drag all that soup from the atmosphere at enormous costs! The constellation is keeping asteroids out, but all it takes is one super-volcanoo or regional exchange and earth is a snowball on the rocks forever. Which we can prevent today, by the geoengineering simply doing nothing for a year.
For some this might look like angering the gods, but this is the sweet-spot riskwise. 
Prometheus GeoEngineering- protest away - but chill - we got this!

[Disgusted Voice! Obsessive Compulsive Cleaning order manifested]
The future is disgusting, the future is dirty! And the microbes get more resistant by the day! Disinfectant? UVs? They eat that now!
Try Exterminatos! Exterminatos, is that one cleaning solution, that gets every surface 100 % bacteria, viral and even prion free. Little machines, imps, incinerate everything non-human, break it down and sort the ashes. Counter-clockwise synthetic biology? Gone. Prions. Gone. Heavy metals. Gone. 
All thanks too Exterminatos from Soap Corpse a GoldenShitter subsidiary. The imp-horror protects.

In this uncertain times, a girl needs to know how to defend herself! Some good, private security on call for a start, that drives downtown in a hurry. Panopticon eyes - front, center, back! Pepperspray and Shockdrone for the cherry on top! But if worst comes to worst - you want that banana to slam into a poisoned cactus. A Dentata as last line of defense! Our implant instantly knocks out every assailant! He lasted 3 seconds- almost badboyfriend material! Deep, deep down, the wettest frown - Dentata!

Tigers, Lions and Bears - oh my. The providers of traditional Chinese medicine against male impotence have sadly died out completely. 
So to provide fresh tigerpenis or rhino-horn we clone and grow them now in chimeras aka human volunteers like you. 
Very natural, very healthy, very beneficial, our products provide a natural alternative to chemical medicine, valued by millions. Free position placement of the organs to grow! Clean food and water provided during the growth phase!  UniqueHorny oldtimer restorations - its a hard life but you will be harder

Scam, scam, scam - lovely scam, lovely scam! Counterfeit products are everywhere! 
In your shoes, in your food, your clothes, your walls!  The invisible hand giveth a crap - until now!
Get the experteye implant! Take pictures that reveal the real deal - and just know! Oliveoil? More like grassoil! 
Tofu? Soysauced styrofoam! Parmiggano? Parfumed shredded Papertowels! Babymilk? Gypsum! 
Now it all goes back to the abyss from which it came! Everywhere implants are sold - the first thing you buy is an expert eye!

Going all in, on that chemical happiness lifestyle, has certain drawbacks. Wicked leaks in the most unfortunate of circumstances! Stains, on your underwear, stains on your shirt, stains on the mattress - stains everywhere! Until now- we developed a lotus-teflon coated clothing line, that is actually unstainable. 
You just walk it off and the dirt flakes away. Don't abstain - become clean, walk a mile in these shoes, suit and tie, while beeing high. 
I would trust that sharp dressed fellow with my money! Lotussuits - like morning dew, shiny and new - you!

Prude Zhar Plastics! Trade in your old 3D printed stuff for new! Just bring it to the Prude-Zhar-booth! And print all your dragon feverdreams from the Thingieverse! Get it delivered once done! Old toy, becomes new joy! Endless recycling, with ever improving quality!
Now only offering natural filtered microplastics! You are cruisin for a Prude-Zhar-thing! 

Lost Limbs? Fantastic! All these permawars have perfected implants, that are indistinguishable from the real thing, except they are better. It will feel like you never lost that leg or that arm. Same skin, same smell, same weight, same sensation. Less training needed, less nutrients. Definitely better then the Maas Biotech Quetzalcoatl treatment- every finger a little arm? Get a grip! Cortex - the give you the finger- and you will love it! 

Famous? Want to sell out? We convert your fame into brands and milk that name for all its worth. Fast-Food-Chain, energy drinks, shameless till fameless. Fame finally gone? We get you to the Content-Vet for recover! Up the ramp you prance, scrupulous scoundrels took you for a ride! Now the new, improved you, is so back, baby! The average consumer has the memory of a demented mayfly. The cow makes moo, moo-nay makes you. Con-tent-Arts your home is NoName-farms.

Been to prison? Have a permawarcrimerecord? Had your personality restructured? You are ready for that fresh start, but are tangled in the strains of the past?
Whatever you do, whatever you pay, on some long forgotten server, your shame lingers on, ready to be found by new friends, new family, new bosses? We keep the past buried and your new life safe. A FBEyeWitness product.

Plan B! If your life precarious? Could where you dwell goto hell any second? Its always good, to have a country, a life, with job and family to fall back upon. Plan B is providing just that. If things go south, you go north with our help! Security extraction, comfortable travel, tying up loose ends and a drop off at your new residence where you slip into your new life replacing the double, not missing a beat. Honey im Home- just in time to watch your old life burn on the evening news. Plan B - a FBEyeWitness product.

Landempires! Some locusty localegals just like to jump their neighbors, after all feudal robbery has always been easier than honest work. 
Which is a problem, how to insure against criminals, without having nuclear warheads laying around? 
The solution? Anti-Matter! Made deep in the swiss mountains, the freshest, safest and most natural of Gametheories substances provides that security without proliferation. A pure Deterrence needs to filter through a deep rock! CERN-Armamaments. Neutral by nature, peaceful through power.

You always felt it didn't you? You knew before you opened the news, what the world is truly like? 
And now we can tailor the news to what you already knew! DaFeed from MetaStasis proudly presents you - iKnews! 
Who knew! You do! Always! You told them so- but they wouldnt listen!

Blackouts keeping you in the dark? Everything rotten in the walkin fridge? Constantly fried electronics? No power cause no cables and no cables because stolen when not powered? Try a solar-zeppelin-drone- tethered by a powerline to your homes battery-bank, it floats above, cheap as a steal, taking no roofspace, easy to install!  It provides energy and shade from the scoring sun. Solar in the sky - Solaria Aerostat

