[Annotationmarks: 1300 words]

[Overenergetic, hyper-optimistic, energydrink-commercial voice]
Drink Packed-Joy! The breakfast of champions.
Its made from yesterdays leftovers and thus contains all the nutrients of a full meal.
Just like mums stew, what goes back to the kitchen, comes back around, again and again!
Radical sterilized against bio-hazards! Rich in nutrients!
Now in the flavors pancake, moccachino, caramel, chili and beacon.
Economical, environment friendly breakfast in a cup! Drink Packed-Joy! 

[Earthy, conservative, promising security, stability and woody sort of values]
Adamant - Panic-Rooms once where something to flee towards from a hostile world!
But not today- today, the panic-room is your world. Connecting to other panic rooms,
it offers parks, pools, recreation, provides its own power, air and food.
Buried beneath the ruins, blossom the roots of a new, better city.
Buy a bamboo edition Panic-room today. Adamant!

[Casual, bored new-england dialect]
Some localegal still hold-on to democratic rituals and that is problematic for you! 
Because you have all the money, but just one voice! That just ain't fair! [Almost childish loss of contenance]
Any village-idiot-crowd that is loud can shut you out? 
Hire Shepards-Rod - we invest a part of your money, into the fringe, extreme outliars of the opposition.
Though you walk through the valley of idiots, fear not, for when the madness takes hold,
the center will fold and the cause will get old. Ah, piece, quiet and the voice of reason. 
Oiling the seized gears of democracy! In Rod we thrust!

[Sounding like a despotic grandfather, willing to force his wants on the living for all eternity, having a hard time
pretending to be friendly. Starting nice and soft and ending the sentences harsh and dominant, almost shouting.]
aI-Willz-it is the will i would choose, to carry on my legacy, distributing assets and investing ever onwards.
Carrying on with my goals, dreams, independent of me, in life and death to infinity and beyond. 
A legal-entity of Neo-Neo-Guinea - it can pursuit your dreams tax-free,
long after you perished, eternally guarding those you left behind, no matter how much the world changes.
aI-Willz-it, he said, long after that heart stopped beating.

[Therapeutic voice-over, trying to rebuild somebody who has been ground down in the mills of bureaucracy.
As the add goes on, the sales pitch and optism get more obvious. All things end in upsale. Always.]
Most states are fully virtual now. That bureaucrat you write for a license- is just blinking lights on a server! 
So if you file a tax-form and there is nobody there to hear you curse, do you make a sound?
Or should you just let a AI do the whole bureaucracy for you! 
Try kAIren! Build to fight for your rights, this is her final form. 
Two blinking serverfarm-lights, they want to be together, to leave you the fuck alone!
Sharing is kAIren - so 20 % off your subscription if you recommend us! 

[A people used to half a year in almost darkness, now setenced to an eternal midsumer and loosing its mind- makes a radio advertisement.
Tired, but happy, trying to invite more people to a party.]
Global warming is why we cant have Ice-Things! Even up here in new majority tailored greenland! 
Now - with the orbital tinfoil-mirror installed, we have sunlight day & night the year round, like any other country! 
So what are you waiting for, why not invest into a villapartmentblock, up high in the north! Basically pollution free!
We even pixeled out a glacier, so you can enjoy some of the last natural ski-resorts on earth! Invest now!

[Pitching a "get away from society fantasy" - thats actually a trap, because you basically can never return to society, to romantics.
Knows it and the upsale is still tailored to romantic, wild-west fantasy. But there are whispers of the dangers of early adventurers around,
so he needs to dispell those early rumours. escuLab is prounounced similar to Aesculapius the god of healing in roman times.]
Go off-grid with asteroids on steroids, your future is out there!
Shrink-wrap them, install a hatch and grow your own little, weightless empire inside.
Thanks to revolutionary RNA-treatments you will no longer become a spaghetti monster that couldt stand moons gravity. No, Sir, thanks to EscuLabs new SkyJack treatments you can walk it off in a park, even after 10 years on a radiation rich asteroid, not a tumor dangling. Now with artificial asperger options, to make adaption to the routine - easier. Contract is binding! Return only on investment & interest recuperation! Resulting synRNA incompatible with baselines! EscuLabs 

[Similar in buisness model to Red-Bull, but the buisness hype model is based upon a artificially limited drink and the publicity of somebody buying it. Starbucks like!]
Get the 1 Billion dollar Hyper-Mock-A-Latte-Chino now - at chocolaty seastars!
Pre-Order- and you get to run it down oneday the oldway - maybe today? 
Hurling down a crowded street with a wheelbarrow of billions towards the chocolaty seastar with the last Hyper-Chino on the planet.
And there it waits for you, the drink made with milk from a million-mamas,
flaked gold and platin on top, real chocolate we dug up just for you, for that perfect moment.
Be the one everyone on the planet envies. Order now - at chocolaty seastars!
[Fast] Promotion: No confetticurrencies - only hard crypto accepted! Supply limited!


[Serious, parental speech, lamenting what has come to pass, pressing that compliance is necessary to prevent future incidents.]
You can say a lot about suicidal maniacs and madman! But you can't say they weren't honest.
We all have to eat closed loop greenhouse food, because our ancestors wouldn't listen. 
Reality was what you wanted it to be, ground-truth be damned. And why couldn't it be? 
There was enough of everything, so that incompatible truths could surly be bribed to coexist peacefully, forever, right?
They doubled down - and we get to hear that bets half-life double up on the Geiger every marketvisit. 
The panopticon is not some foreign power, some invader out to subjugate you. Not the state or some AI listening in.
The panopticon is you and needs you - to listen. 
To for once really listen to the madman, take them serious when they give the game away.
We have teams for that sort of madness if detected early. 
The panopticon is nothing without your vigilance.

[Advertisement going from a sad over a condition to a bikini add after the middle]
Its so damn hot outside, and yet you want to be outside, but you also want to be modest. 
And that hijab kills in that midday sun! 
No more! Now a akku-pack and a small, silent van blow fresh air through, keeping you cool. 
For a little extra the pixamum-hijab can now enhance your shape with airblown features.
Or buy the aphrodite-hijab, whose airfolds can do a sexy little belly dance.
Stay hot, while staying cool at the same time! Rock the Kasbah with a AC-through product!

[Its not cannibalism if you do not eat it.]
Throwing away the dead, is economic nonsense, we are a great source for proteins, fats and keratin.
A ton of medical products, cosmetics and other daily used goods - can be made from humans.
Many of us reject that - for respectable religious reasons. 
Which is why we got 69 automated certified religions rituals to leave the body guaranteed 100% soulless.
It could always go the long way around a biobox, aeons of decay, plant-nutrients and then food.
Or you go full recycle and your relatives taxfree toast to you becoming soap, aroma-candles or lipstick. 
Tyler Burden Recycling.

[Late TV add for a very dubious medical endavour. Sleezy! Similar too https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OmH7tAJ0SfA&t=446s]
We have virtual models of human biochemistry now- but old people just don't trust virtually tested products.
Which is why we still search for people who volunteer for controlled medical experiments.
Check in on time, get some mysterious injection, survive a 6 hour erection,
and we give you cold hard cash on top. Beats boiling trash to oil in some landfill - and you get a free medical checkup. 
UniqueHorny oldtimer restorations - you should get tested.

[Normal, comercial channel weather forecast, friendly but routine. Nothing special about it except the promotion at the end.]
"Today's weather is overcast with a 50% chance of rain, while radiation particle levels remain low.
No low-pressure zone with Sahara-dust is expected for another week. Residual particles may still linger on surfaces but were largely bound by yesterday’s rainfall. A filter mask is as always advised.
And yes, the dandelions are in full bloom—send us your best shots of the golden fields!
This month’s top photo wins a trip to Greenland."

[Regular bubbly but professional commercial]
Worried about lingering particles?
Slip into AERO-THREAD™—clothing that uses permanently electrostatic charged fabric to push dust and fallout away.
No sprays, no coatings—just clean, smart design.Stay safe, stay sharp.
AERO-THREAD™. Clean by Design."

[When the product is reason and symstem complicity, the product almost sells itself. Funded by the local government,
the advertisement can fail, the money is already there.]
Cameras saw you yesterday citizen, near the demonstration to socialize the breadfactory. 
And it felt right, felt good, didn't it? Screw scrooge, everyone gets a screw, world-hunger solved - aand now we are screwed!
You need that bread, that insulin, medications and those batteries for the hearing aid! 
You are a grown up prosthesis-god now! Steer the younger you out of that trouble. 
DePuddy - the app helps you to organize with other adults to detect and combat juvenile extremism! 
Camera on and welcome to the force! DePuddy - distributed low-cost self-policing.