Love your job more than anything, but serving that mega is no joke. No freedom, no way to express your stress. And thanks to neural-kink, mandatory brains scans and drug requirements, everything is a metric, everything is KPI, there is no escape. Except now there is - Rebellyell Daydream, the implant by Cortex. While the rest of the souldeadeyed workaholics slaves away, your frontal lobe can escape into a pocket-universe powertrip. Form a punk band, run amok - step on tokyo! No daydream to wild, no fantasy to mild. On the outside, submissive, usefool powerplayer - on the inside free as a bird. Now with a detailed configuration, how far your whole-zombie-work-self should go for your career. Cortex! 

Your cooperation is running out of people plankton sustenance to filter feed your processes with? Our service identifies unique individuals in fragile families and breaks them down into digestible pieces. Providing personal in a out of control world where everyone naturaly huddles together. Some people, who money just can't buy, money can buy out of happiness. 
Look into our list of potential hires today, order and we start breaking them in tomorrow. 
We also exfiltrate employees currently working for clingy competitors. 
Turner & Copperfield Human Resources Agency - always there on your path to growth. 

Crunchy! Delicious! You will never get enough of Dr.Diabetus dark chocolate, toes. The cereal killer cereal! With that extra creamy filling and that chocolate crust stirring in you permanent sugary lust. Some would give an arm or leg to have them right now. Eat them with milk! Dry from a bowl! From the floor! They go together with anything. Anywhere where food is sold, you can get your hands on: Dr.Diabetus chocholate toes. 

Remember your dog and the cherry tree she used to climb? You grew up with all that - and then godforsaken ciscosis wiped it forever from the surface of the planet. Don't despair, cause from a hair, for you, for a time, for a price, we can bring it all back. Vatcloned bioreplicas, similar in every aspect, with synthetic memories and they grow up so fast. You can have today, flowers in your home with the dog waiting. Mass BioLabs. Life finds a way.

Hey! Don't burn that! Don't throw it on the biomass shredder either! Yeah, its wormy wooden furniture, but as long there is money in this world, there will be a rich weirdo willing to pay a years sallery to put this into their mansion! ScanAndPan will buy and resell it for what it is really worth. Ripping copper cables is hard work, more money is in artwork - haul oil-paintings instead panting oily. Find the Mona Lisa and you may have money enough to start liking old stuff yourself.

Your companies pension fund is flush with cash today- but what about tomorrow? Medical progress just can't stop marching ever onwards. It can not work out, no matter how often you run the numbers. One mortal fool, working round the clock for a privateer planet can not be the answer. Old people used to be gone in the old days and we can bring them back, AppSassins. 

Yes! Yes! Yeeeeeeees! The love of your life is a erobot. Freshly escaped from its horny jail package, it will take you for a ride you won't forget. And it adores you, without demanding you change or bend to its will and whims. No expectations from you, just be there for it, while it tailors itself ever tighter to you. HelloDolly- a Locus Golemn Cooperation product. 
Now with more safety features to prevent death by tantric exhaustion. 

Arcologies! They have everything you need under a roof- and way more space then a capsule-villa. The old world can still be yours, far away from poverty and gang violence. Obviously only a Mega can build, maintain and run such a selfcontained world. But do not fret yet, your smaller company can rent into a mixed Arcology and you can leave the rest of humanity for one of our bottlegarden paradises. ArcosSancti, little worlds, gleaming like pearls, in the ashes of ruins past.
We now have Arcologies on Mars - Valle Marinaris just scan: "Serpent Lullaby Echo" and Luna - Sea of Tranquility just scan: "Chimera Pulse Reflection"

Judge Juans Automated Binding Arbitration: Now you can know ahead of times and without expensive legal counsil, whats the outcome of your case in arbitration is going to be. Enter your case into DataAccessBaseAuthority, our servers race, and within seconds you know how much they own you for your missery. Crime does pay if it happens to you! Your localegal has not looked at a filing for years. JJABA DABA does! 

Work on a factory ship! Its well paid and taxfree. Ask your local gigwork agencies what work is currently available 3 miles offshore. Register special skills, as your family may be elligable for next saveharbor passage, if your localegal entity  starts collapsing. GerManufactorio Inc: Quality mobile manufacturing on demand, for a fragile, volatile world. 
Now hiring process technicians for MSMC the worlds largest chip producer fleet.
Now hiring welders for the Sungsam chaebol 3 seasted. 
Now searching for container storage onshore. Join the kontor program! 

Become Bulbonauts! Just because a city is abandoned, doesn't mean its not full of riches. 
We hire scrappers, willing to go down there and strip-mine the ruins. Not gonna lie, its risky work.
The few remaining locals, cellar survivors and fanatics from the warming wars, are bloody dangerous.
But the reward is extraordinary too. Houses, Factories, cars, artifacts, it all goes seperated into has-been-bins and delivered wharfside to a factoryship-barge.
Pecunia Non Olet - Now hiring for Jeedah, Teherean, Miami, Mhumbai, Rio and Shanghai!



Enticing Superlative:

Explosively Thrilling
Sinfully Addictive
Mind-Blowingly Seductive
Dangerously Intoxicating
Ecstatically Unleashed
Heart-Stoppingly Violent
Sensationally Provocative
Ravishingly Brutal
Unforgettably Erotic
Fiercely Compelling
Shockingly Explosive
Electrifyingly Passionate
Wildly Addictive
Daringly Immersive
Unrelentingly Intense
Insatiably Fiery
Sensually Devastating
Overwhelmingly Alluring
Mesmerizingly Dark
Unimaginably Raw
Relentlessly Vicious
Ruthlessly Intense
Unstoppably Fierce
Mercilessly Savage
Ferociously Brutal
Heart-Stoppingly Explosive
Explosively Chaotic
Intensely Gripping
Unyieldingly Dangerous
Brutally Captivating
Shockingly Violent
Electrifyingly Raw
Wildly Intense
Daringly Unrestrained
Unrelentingly Ferocious
Insatiably Wild
Sensually Raw
Overwhelmingly Fierce

Male Star Name
Name:
Blaze 
Jax 
Orion 
Hunter 
Kade 
Axel 
Talon 
Raze 
Zane 
Jett 
Phoenix 
Vance 
Ashen 
Xander 
Maverick 
Draven 
Blade 
Ryker 
Jace 
Zander 
Drako 
Max 
Bolt 
Rex  
Vortex 

SurName:
Striker
Razor
Blade
Storm
Viper
Flame
Fury
Havoc
Thunder
Draven
Steel
Rage
Cross
Frost
Vale
Void
Phoenix
Vortex
Knight
Venom
Torque
Hunter
Blade
Hex
Raven
Storm

Binding Words:
With
And
Together With
Costarring

Female Star Name:
Nova
Luna
Vega
Nyx
Zara
Seraph
Lyra
Aria
Ceres
Iris
Solara
Aurora
Star
Celeste
Starfire
Seraph
Iris
Serene

Surname:
Star
Vortex
Blaze
Shadow
Phoenix
Flux
Eclipse
Night
Ember 
Tide
Skye  
Nova
Dawn
Rayne 
Strike 
Rage
Wild
Pulse
Sparks
Flux
Storm

Starring Phrase:
now starring in
featuring
starring
in
headlining
killing it in
soon in


Media Name:
Blood Rebellion
Neon Dreams
Cyber Sirens
Savage Euphoria
Chrome Hearts
Forest Echoes
Moonlit Whispers
Wild Serenity
Whispering Pines
Island in the Sun 
Earthbound Symphony
Tranquil Haven
Celestial Harmony
Ethereal Journey
Mystical Wilderness
Enchanted Oasis
Meadow Lullabies
Mountain Reverie
Starlit Meadows
Whispering Winds
Battle Havoc
Warzone Fury
Urban Warfare
Iron Clash
Power Surge
Savage Dominion
Summer Romance
Hellfire Rising
Rogue Warrior
Terminal Velocity
Combat Rage
Adrenaline Overload
Dark Frontier
Battle Cry
Crimson Warfare
Iron Fury
Warpath Legacy
Tempest Clash
Anarchy Rising
One hot summers night
The beach

Media Type:
the game
the comic
the book
the musical
the movie
the album
the SimStim

Encouragement to order:
Leaked in parts! Out in full! 
Reserve what you deserve!
Grab your ticket now!
Don't miss out!
Enter the chaos!
Experience the thrill!
Feel the rush!
Seize the moment!
Dive in now!
Get lost in the magic!
Feel the enchantment!
Ride the wave!
Tune in now!
Surrender to bliss!
Experience pure delight!
Embark on the adventure!
Discover the legend!
Live the fantasy!
Escape into wonder!
Capture the essence!
Feel the magic!
Enter the dreamscape!
Engage the fight!
Join the chaos!
Embrace the conflict!
Witness the fury!
Feel the power!
Take the leap!
Face the inferno!
Conquer the fear!
Speed into action!
Dominate the scene!
Feel the rush!
Explore the unknown!
Answer the call!
Enter the battlefield!
Unleash the beast!
Forge your destiny!
Ride the storm!
