[Calm, reasonable voice, trying to talk somebody down from the brink]
Hearing voices?  Are they asking you to quit listening to voices?
That is not the usual adds-headset-shizo-crazy, that is just your implants having subtenants, trying to take over. 
NeuralKink will debug your head for you, restoring that inner calm, you lost years ago.
You should listen to this one and start with a fresh scrubbed head. 
Modern Madness needs a modern Personality-Resource-Management. 
Flagpole Sitta by NeuralKink - debug yourself before you hug yourself.

[Classic Make Up commercial tones]
Warpaint. You want to look perfect, but not for everyone and not in every situation. 
Warpaint is that Makeup, that is perfect from moment to moment! Camera or even HIM - you look like the angelic model you truly are. 
Want to blend into the crowd, disappear from the panopticon, be just one of all in the mall? 
Our implant steered makeup tones down your beauty, from artwork to hard-work.
Bad guy in an alley, hostage-taking in your block? Suddenly, all herpes-blisters, warts and dirt. 
Warpaint by Surreal! Show them your warface!

[A lifetime of beer and pubcrawls have brought your voice here. And you still want more. Stopping is an existential dread.]
Knock, knock - who is there? Open-air! Open-Air-who? Open-Air-Gatecrashers coming through!
We cater to any event, anywhere! Want to throw a holiday-party in the neighbors backyard! We are down to clown!
In and out, trenchcoat-bar, dancefloor, before the fuzz arrives, after chasing a speakerdrone around the neighborhood! 
Morality police shows up? When has that ever stopped anyone! Out of the Speakeasy, through the hatch into the air ducts of skyscraper mountain!  Want to party it up on the factory roof urban exploration style? 
Bring out your dead-drunk - we get them home safe! 
Gatecrashers by PartySani - Call-A-Party! 

[Uncanny perfect voice, the emotions are there, but they are a sort of giddy, sociopathic happiness.]
Every emotion is a vulnerability, is a what-the-hackable surface! Exploit idiots and get sum! Everyone has a weak spot: animals, babies, nature, poor people, bio-replicated horses - land the sob-story, threaten the emobject and only you can save the little kittens! Donate now - to the YourNameBeHere foundation! And now we automated that! Your home appliances can run the Scamtastic rootkit, taxing the emotional available everyday. No need for human scammers! And it is all spent locally - by you, giving back to the community! Life like a king, its all for the orphans of the permawars! The house IoT always wins - Scamtastic!

[South Cal spanish accent]
Come to the annual Santa Chico ConFurrance! The only bio-hacking enclave in California, that still has the full anything goes going! 
Join the brightest minds, going for the grails of biotech and bring your full fursona to work! 
Immortality! Catears! Mindcontrolled bodymorphing! Redpocketrockets every fullmoon at the werwulf party!
All Bio Body-modification welcome! Imagine yourself, going beyond the limits of growth, being yourself! Zootopia or bust! 
Come to Santa Chico!  Book tickets for the conFurrance now!
[Fast] Travel by air or boat is recommended, as land-routes are currently blockaded by the coalition for genetic purity!

Satellites! They cost a fortune, don't they? Well, not anymore, you could gun a low-orbit cubesat up there, for the price of a small car today! 
Book a launchslot! Qualify your satellite! And boom, next thing you know it, you wish upon your own star.
Nimrod Launch- the Railgun Service - gets your dreams to space! Nimrod a Kessler Syndrome Inc Trademark.
[Fast] Monthly orbit subscription rates apply! Unpaid Satellites will be deborbited! 
Interacting with conflict zones may carry the risk of premature deorbiting!

[Extreme sports commercial]
Graphene Parachutes are all the hair raising fun! Its just carbon - electrostatically repulsed by the ground! Never was it so much fun, to get around! Yes, every localegal forbids them - but hey, if you don't get caught - your in charge here, there and everywhere. Hop of the cliff, hop of the skyscraper, drift in the wind and once you get bored, just extend the cord. Life the Spider-man dream - with Graphene Parachutes!

[Anti-Human AI Gibberish. Presented in that "your best friend AI-Reading voice"-tone]
Doomscrollin? Look at this world! You would have to be a monster, to put children into this mess! 
Thank you for being a responsible citizen - and be honest, you ain't the success story everyone else is! 
Something worthy, whose tales humanity should continue to tell! 
You are a mess and to remove any footnote from this world, does everyone a favor! 
Look at everyone, look at all these smiling faces, masters of their destinies, perfect in every aspect! 
All these beautiful, suckslessfool Instanoodles, are doing better than you! 
A realistic perspective, is the best preservative! Compare yourself, accept you lost - and admit daFeed in your head! 
A MetaStasis product!

[Home appliance commercial, giving you that warmth and positivity, then in the end parts fading in tone to a anti-drug commercial.]
Anything cooked fresh at home is something wonderful, but a oven is such a energy-wasting overkill. Why not just have a set of thin electrically heated needles, penetrating the food - baking and cooking it to perfection, a point-cloud slice at a time? 
And while you're at it, why not inject via the needles soysauce, butter, spice and everything nice? 
Choose a chimera-cut! Choose beaconated butter! Choose the perfect roast! Choose life! 
Fakir Trainspotting Incorporated presents you - the Porcupine Mark V! Meat roasted to perfection. 

[Self-helpgroup commercial]
Are you a alpha test manimal? No user serviceable parts inside? Now the startup of your best parts is bankrupt, bought up and those career-surgeons moved on to bigger and beta things? Help me steppermotorbro, im stuck? You could finally open up and get your extended warranty on of the shelf parts wasted! And why not do that with the Reaperrepair-cafe-barrista near you?
We can deactivate the worst and get you setup with cheaper, more reliable spare-parts. 
For all your loose screws - open source, fair - its Reaperrepair! 

[Starts with Italian accent, but gets more professional by the second. 
Passionate, overcommitted, a opera-heroe, going up against a world out to get him.]
You want to go fast, but you can not becausa the laws of physics isa holding you back?
Buy the Falcone scout drone! It launches from your bike, racing ahead, a supersonic miniature-jet with lidar-scanner, 
scouting and mapping the road not yet traveled. 
Giving you in your helmet a visible path-plan, around all obstacles yet to come, every serpentine corner under the sun.
Drifting with the speed of sound through town and traffic while the police are unable to catch up?
Dare to dream of flying - Falcone by Lamboughatti. Made in Milano.  Proud product of Italia.

