Report Entitys without ID in your localegal! Underfloor AIs, Bio-Replicas and hives want your life!
Report them all! The UNATO is there to protect human allied entities against future shock! 
Any subversion participation makes you legally accomplice to the crimes. 
Be on the constant lookout for subverted families and groups.
When the show stops, is the moment to call 666, anytime, anywhere.

Tribal tripple troubles in the UFC football league: Its the seasons final match of the all companiesleague.
Brutal, bloody and boneshattering! Finnish them! And you too can proof us you are a real fan!
Bet your overtime taxfree on your teams champion or film yourself taking down an enemy fan.
All dope, all implants, all allowed, all in. This Saturday midnight, Singapore Central Time. Live! 
UFC Tribal tripple troubles - brought to you by redboolshit!

Is your place to expensive and gentrifying? To many grifty investors and nice couples driving up rent?
Squatter Inc, send a associate that breaks in nextdoor, who stays and lives it down a bit, driving the investors to tears.
We also provide evictions services by means of smell. Help yourself, then help you god. Squatters incooperated!

The useless are everywhere, looking for a purpose! Do not feed those delusions! 
Do not engage with their projects, sexwork or art! Society can not function based on charity!
Do not support the endless retrainings! If it was worth doing, a cooperation or AI would do it better.
Someone is starving so this one does feel relevant and can play escapeartist from poordom! 
Do the world a favour, walk on by!

For most of humanitys history, there have been those who couldnt manage life on their own.
Hounded by social services, confined to UBI-Coffins, almost always addicted and indebted to society. And now you can help them to pay it back! 
Try iSlave! Choose from our 3 Million catalogue! Each and all at a very reasonable, fixed monthly subscription! 
And they need to be needed! Install the 2 by 2 meter cubiculum into your apartment wall! Enjoy out of the dogdoor around the clock  personal service by a real human! 
No shame, no complaints, just roman manor antics with a judgment free lifestyle! 
Always smelling good, always happy or your money back. A forbiddenFruit Inc product. A Fooly Freedom Ageny subsidiary.

Hi, all you thirsty boys and girls out there. Its another new vintage of my batherwater - ripe and delicous - fresh from the spring below the hills.
And i really put myself into it this time. Third party simp-coniseurs tasted and compared it with other gamergirls and found the taste oustanding 
with a fruity buquet, a hint of saltcrust,  a whiff of areolaaroma, some little pinky and a tail of pineapple juice and dingle-berry.
Register now to participate in the next ongoing auctions. True love, knows no credit card limits.
Just show me, you would do anything for me, [BabeNamePlaceholder]

Is your localegal out to get you? They might come for all of your assets - take all that hard work you took from somebody else all those years ago in dirty deeds!
Legalize it- with a one time haircut of just 50 % - it all could become a legal enterprise worldwide with the "NastyAmnestyAmnesia" act. All conspiracy associates get a fresh start as your new Delaware Incooperated entity employees. Come clean, sleep well. Contact your local attorney guild today, because crime does pay!

Wanna be a Golddigger? The boomers had all the treasures of their golden era hidden away in these homes by the oldcoast. 
If you are not afraid of the hypercane above the ocean, you can join us, digging for a future in past safes beneath the waves. The paper and the walls are gone, but the gold & platin of the preppers has endured. Pry those cold dark hands from the lock, keep the teeth, feed the rest to the saltwater crocodiles. And there is always more, hoarded old vine, hoarded food, old media, weapons, cars and art. Lets be grateful for what we got!


Saspampandampcoin is the future. You too should invest your crypto into Saspampandampcoin. 
Look at this pretty Lady in a blazer, flying along the new coast towards her mansion in a private flyer. She knows what she is doing, unlike you. If you invest in Blizbumpanrugpull, she would propably love you. 
Look at this guy in a suit in front of a official building. The berry can not be that poisonous, if the succesfull and beautifull eat it repeatedly in front of you. They all invested in Hickhyperipandrun. 
Thrust your gut instincts, you could be the savy one this time pulling the rug, the floor is lava so buy into Volcanocoin.
