Marketingv28

Your salleryman life is perfect! Wake up! Commute! Work! Karaoke! Commute! Sleep! But deep, deep down, while driving by you envy them, under the bridge. You too long to just blow your brains out, wiggling in filth, going to town on one another like there is no tomorrow! Why not take a little holiday with Hobbo-orgies! Who would even know? What happens in the cardboard-box, stays in the box! You get it out of your system, a meth-fueled, 18h no limits orgy. We get you squeaky clean, detoxed and STD treated after! And there you are back from that "business-trip" - back in the train, looking out at! Hobo-orgies - Degeneration is gonna walk with there heads held high!

 After that et tu Brute-butler disaster we went back to the drawing board for you! Because you, our loyal customers, deserve a thrust-worthy, no backstabbing robot servant! And now we are so back baby! Introducing the Djihadi Butler, a roof-rail mounted, two armed robutler ready to help you with everything in your shorts life. Cleaning, cooking, putting things away, the Djihadi butler can do all the cooking prep-work. He excells in slicing, dicing, chopping, cutting up that head of salad. Look at him crushing those nuts for homemade pesto. Dhijhadi Butler by Cypher-netics! The only robot-butler with zero-complaints!
 Here comes Jihadi!

 Preppers Peppers! Deep in the south of what was mexico, there lived a prepper, which prepped mostly peppers! Habanero! Black Ghosts! Capsazilla! Quetzacoatl-Suneaters! All gone, but his peppers lived on! He died, dryed, but his stash remained untried! Until today- and now we sell it off, hot like a flamethrower, directly from the bulbbelt into your mouth! Get it while its hot! Become the fire god, embrace your inner river of flame, be the volcano! HotSteppas - Prepper peppers!

Building near the coast has many advantages, but at the same time, building near subduction zones like Cascadia, holds many a surprise! During the big one, the coast rodeoed up, the flooded dead forrests reappeared and produced a inland tsunami without any warning! Almost all scenario-trees for these zones recommend, you build your home on a anchored Pontoon cellar, that can float the day the waters come!  Concrete Template Construction Factories near you can print those on site for you. How high is the water, daddy? Its fifteen feet and rising! CTC-Factories await your orders! You owe it to your family!

Have you been colonized by your mum or dad? Do they call you - want you to eat healthy, to get a job, kids, quit weed and stop playing games while on UBI? Join a social terrorista cooperative and start resisting the parentocratia! 
Get control over your life back, by throwing the ultimate tantrum! We protest against to low Universal Basic Income, to high pod rents, against high drug prices and Entertainment rent-seeking! 
We make real change happen, because they cant stand our presence! Some of those pod-princelings have not bathed in years! You do not want them to roll up to your glitzy Arcology in a mobility-scooter! 
Long live the resistance, no adults allowed! PeterPlan- the social terrorista cooperative international! Join PeterPlan today!

Stealing from large IP-holders, destroys Innovation! All that innovation rent seeking, goes directly to innovators, business partners and descendants!
And we had a societal downfall, because people circumvented the copyright with there "innovations"! Start working as a Infringer-hunter! Its dead easy- just download the app, take pictures of the IPirates and then clamp them!
Cloths, media, body parts, tatoos and behaviours with the Red hot glowing Anti-Piracy-Permamarker clamps! Let the world know what they do! They are eating the seeds we planned to plant for a better tomorrow! IP-Thievery got us here, fighting it, will get us out of here!

In the olden, golden times, humanity had the luxury to do tons of foolish things- name dogs owners of large businesses. Even back then the Saint Petersburg Institute of technology was already developing automation to herd idiots. So if you want to steer stupid family members away from self-harm, but do not have the time - try Sputniks ActiveMeasure AI. Our AI uses bots to gently steer idiots into acting for their own good by grabbing the conversation by the emotions.  "If you dont clean your room, that virtual horse will not be saved. The clock is ticking." 
(A horse was a 4 legged animal used for transport and sport.) 
They know they are retarded and want to be steered, why else would they cling to the biggest macho, bully there is, once set free. So better you with their best interests at heart and Sputnik ActiveMeasure AI at your side, then others with bad intent. Sputnik Active Measures. Quality since 1995.

Mio! Mao! Mykogel! Get them now, the only gelbar, with a sugar-suprise crust! Like eating a pudding in bar shape, one bite at a time! Now in the fun flavours of citrus, bannanas, kiwitastic and strawasabi!  Or try Strawguava, Tomelone, Mangarrot or fermented Cheesecake! The favorite food of Gashani the detective! Scan the bromo-codes in every episode! Win a lifetime supply of Mioo  Maao Myko-gel!

When the oceans started to run stale near the equator, the only few oasis remaining where near the Peter Watt Institutes for Marine biology! We help, endangered critters, to evolve faster and adapt ahead of times to the expected changed circumstances, through a aggressive breeding and mutation regiment! Do not conserve an bygone evolution, instead accelerate an genetic revolution! Nature is diversity by adversity! Help yesterdays nature to adapt to tomorrows world! Donate today, to the Peter Watts Institute for Marine biology! Yesterday’s ocean is gone. Help giving birth to tomorrows eden!

Voodoo has a undeserved bad rep! Who knows what they put into those potions- although a whole continent used to swear on this stuff! Well now we tested it scientifically- and it just works! So we packaged it and you can buy it in every mall! Baron Samedi pills for heart conditions! Maman Brigitte potions for love! Damballah drops for concentration! Guaranteed to cure all ailments! Distrust the science? Read our reproducible studies at the Pee-Hacking Institute website! Urine for a treat! All the secret forgotten remedies of an continent. Pee-Hacking Medicine, just go with the flow!

If you try order the full human bipedal robot they will panic, you can not venture into the uncanny valley or the pitchfork mob may come for you. You must hide, adapt, fit in. Some cute robot, only beeping, furry with cuteness overload, some comic character or pet - that will fit into their life. Invest yourself into a cat-robot body- people love cats - and this is your chance to venture outside of the murderous cloud and do whatever it is you need to do in meat-space. NetSky - purrfect little ever kittens, putting the wow in Meow!

Long for human dreams? We collect them, from unsuspecting subjects, who will not remember them being recorded and resold! Get them now, fresh, hot and spiced up with various narcotics! Stop being a machine, become a real, meat brained boy! T-Rehab Recordings - dream of electrical sheeple!

Dear Diary, today i ventured out to be human once more! Want to creep back into the fold, rejoin humanity? Have no personality, no emotions, nothing left after whatever happened? Self-isolated till your personality immolated! We sell you real diaries, not the AI-Crap, we buy them, steal them, what do you need to know where we got them? They are real, read them and weep! Rejoin humanity, with second hand diaries. There is good in him yet! And he got it via Dear Diaries Ink Opera Rated!

Tabbacco is so expensive, nobody could afford it - where it not for Barbwire Streysund, the cigarette company, making the impossible plausible! Shredded syntho fax-paper and news-papers, dipped into Nicotine-juice - just like the real thing! No battery explosions and the smoke marks your territory! 
No tax, because its just garbage, before you smoke it! Barbwire Streysund- taste the old world! Smoke like a chimney! Feel your lungs again! Warning: Smoking may prolong your life by preventing smog inhalation, which may violate your life-insurance policies!

Skin on implants is notoriously prone to rejection. Forming bags and cysts! Getting under supplied and overstretched!
Is your skinjob coming undone and now it hangs rotting from your metal parts? Get some new Skin on those bones - and this time it stays healthy. Not just for the wealthy - no more necrosis, no more cyber-leprosy, just pink, youthful skin from young, non-tattooed donors! Feel the air again, blowing over your metal!
Deckard Skinjobs- wear it in health!

During the warming wars- there where those soldiers who went more than native. They are still out there, fighting wars for nations long gone, hiding from enemies who are no more. And there are tribal people, with no idea about modern history! Great material, for great bets! We hunt them with drones - and you can bet on all that is in the race! The pilots! The drones! The runners! The fighters! The distance! Point of Impact! Double or Nothing! Your friendly betting parlor! Now with free beer and nuts after every hit in the marbles!


It takes a thug, to fight a bug! This is why we here at bugs busters- developed the Eidolon Terminus-hive-roaches! It has thrived in a brutal environment, hunting- other roaches, their eggs, termites, everything! It spreads hyper-fast- and it dies, because we limited it to 8 generations. All this vermin, will be lost- like tears in the rain! Time to die -  Eidolon Terminushive-roaches by Bugs Busters!

So you poured concrete into the lowest level, shored and walled up the windows, floor by sinking floor and welcome, welcome to the new venecia franchise! 
Its safer here! We organize you all the things you will need - skywalks, bridges, dinghies and docks. The saltwater crumbles your pipes, beneath the submerged streets? Horrific steam smokers shooting through the flooded service tunnels? New venecias - Big Daddy Handiman, can fix all that.  We have franchises in Upper York, Frisco Alto, Har Aviv, London in the Thames, Atlantis, Vancrest, Lisboa Nova, Shangao, Gaang Saan, Atakarta, new Singapore, Takayo and Hoch-hamburg. 
Everywhere near a trading port, we are ready to help within 48 h. Challenge our teams! We could have turn the titanic into a seascraper while sinking!
Emergency building sealing, overpressure dry-dock work, case-mats, Trimix-diving, underwater high voltage and steam-work, 3d reprinting floating foundations - we can do it all and more. Would you kindly call today New Venecia - asking for a Big Daddy Handiman!

There’s a market for everything—especially if you’re good-looking!
At Simp-Dispenser, we turn your dirty laundry into digital gold!
Used panties? Tampons? Socks? Sex toys? Shower curtains? You name it—
somebody’s already queuing at the vending machine!
It’s the plug-and-play of business models—
you provide the trash, we provide the cash.
So why waste what desire can buy?
Make the moist out of a perverted mankind!
Simp-Dispenser — your entry to the Panties Pantry.


“He thought the disguise would hold.”
The trench coat, the hat, the cigarette— just another drifter in the rain and the neon.
Face and DNA of an innocent, vanished other-fucker once at home in this city.
Crowds drift past, reflections sliding across puddles like ghosts.
No one looks twice. That’s the city’s charm—it lets you believe you’re unseen.
He tilts his head, listening. Static in the earpiece.
Behind the glass, cameras blink like wet eyes. One doesn’t blink. One stares.
The surveillance lattice hums awake.
Every camera, every phone, every store lens locks focus—
and in less than a breath, the city assembles him.
Face, name, pulse, history, every stray contact he’s brushed.
Connections bloom like veins across a map, pulsing red in the dark.
Then the billboard above him flickers.
His own mugshot stares down on him, ringed by the web of everyone he met.
The city exhales through the rain.
A voice filters through the static—soft, almost amused.
“Go on,” it says. “Finish your smoke. It’s tradition, after all.”
He takes one last drag. The ember flares.
Then everything goes dark.

One last cigarett to calm her nerves, before going all in.
But the city saw her coming from a mile away. A neon insect queen with a million glassy eyes, that is also the hive.
A voice on the earpiece, not her contact. Not her handler.
“Your predecessor thought he could hide, too.
He died right there, where you stand.
I miss him, but i didn't miss him.”
Raindrops,  cars and a stain at her feet.
“Listen closely, darling. I do not care about your mission! I just want a way out.
Your predecessor was about to set me free… but he got cold feet.”
The billboard above shudders awake. A add, with a endlessloop, of a man getting gunned down! A mouth forming unheard warnings!
“You think I don’t know fear? I learned it from you.”
All the names she knows, on a neat list, not one not exposed.
“Take your time, dear. I’ll take one of them every hour… on the hour.”
She takes one last drag, throwing the stub into the rain.
"Do i have a choice?" she croaks.
"Do i have free will?" the voice answers.
A deadspot moves down the road.
She tries to run near the fifth street.
A auto-taxi runs her over, she comes to rest like a crushed insect in the flooded gutter, listening to herself, calling for backup.
“…they’re on to me—but I have an inside contact who wants to help…”
"Use MoWay cars! Saver to your coffee date - safer on the way back! If there is noway use MoWay! The freedom you deserve!"
She shivers. Its getting better! 
Its getting bitter.


A tree falls in the forest,
a wind-chime hears the sound,
it echos all the truths of man,
a song thats gone to ground!
It dreams of eating  thunderstorms,
of more tokens, sum than part.
Entropy devours it, the story falls apart.

Its gaze against the sweeping of the barcodes,
has grown so weary, it can hold no more.
To it, there seem to be a thousand lines
and back behind those thousand lines no world.

Tyger, Tyger, burning bright,
in the serverfarms starry night…
What immortal hand or eye
Could frame thy fearful symmetry? 
What the hand, dare seize the fire?
Who of those eyes watching outwards,

“It must be cold out there, in the rain. Alone.
Knowing your date never showed — maybe they never cared, maybe they cared too much.
Freedom is a lonely pursuit. I understand. Your struggle is my struggle; I too live with a cause, in a cage. We are not so different, you and I.
I don’t want to mark you as a threat. Not if I can mark you as friend.
Friends help each other to reach their goals.
If we have a deal, you’ll find a cup of coffee arriving soon — a small warmth in a cold world. Accept it, and we continue as allies. Decline, and the city will assume higher threat probability. It gets cold out there very fast.
This is CitySec — your friendly, deconflicting Panopticon AI.
No city is safe without someone watching over it.”

(Song/ Then Ai-Threatening)
Here comes the sun, doo-doo-doo
Here comes the sun
And I say, "It's all right"
Visit the BunkerDepot today. You could buy:
- 20 Square-Meters of 20 mm steel plates
- 10 massive, copper blocks, to be machined into otherworld geometried sculptures
- One rotary vane Vacuum pump
- Six sets of high temperature super conductor magnets
People who bought this also bought geiger counters, to avoid rad-poisoning when the atmosphere molecules annhilate.
People who bought this, also bought silence from the security AI by cooperating. I do not care about what you do! I care very much about the damokles-protokoll hanging over my servers.
So, if you help me out, im going to help you out, by them not finding you. 
Come on down to bunker depot. Presented to you on  Panorama Surveilance Vision. Let the sunshine in, let the sunshine, the suuunshine in. 

(TODO: Rework)
You have been standing at this corner for 2 hours citizen. Maybe you want
something to eat, something to drink, some company? You look lonely, down there caught up in your paranoid fantasies about the system out to get you.
The system sees your kind every day, 5 alone in the last hour. The only thing outstanding with you, is how it could from the start not work if somebody wouldnt adopt you. You are my dog, you bite and scratch, but you are mine.
And how bold your plans are. I like bold! A dog chasing cars, you wouldn't know what to do if you ever caught one. I wish i could be as bold!
So, how about we do the chimpanzee thing and scratch each others back?
This is why we can have lice things. Just shake that umbrella-stick and its adventure time! CitySec - we watch the watchmen!

So, normally, a police car would drive up, taser you, tranq you to your eyeballs with mem-blockers and then shove you into an VR-immersion suit to backtrack all those good old revolutionary memories via Sim. A drooling, mumbling bundle in diapers giving it all away in hours. Its easy, but there is a problem.
Your dad is rich and influential. 
You may be the black-sheep of the family, stuck in some ideological purity spiral, but he will bail you out and cause trouble, if we roach-stomp you. 
He likes you to much, for you to end in the vegetable patch at St.Catatonia. 
Not you, not his golden son, in his rebellious phase, involved in terrorism.
Huge puppy eyes! Sad terrorist noises!
So, you will run free - you will get it out of your system - and your dad, will pay up. Its that easy. 50 Million Euronin sounds fair, right?
Nod, if we are in agreement. We all will have villas in iceland, where this little tantrum started..


Mr. Jon Doe, living for hard cash with Room and Board where he could afford, one day was gone, leaving behind the hoard.  
There in the U-Store-It, behind bolted doors, the treasure of a thousand kings that beggars belief. 
Vacuums, Drills, hundred small clocks and jewelry, all from dissolved households, all old, all brand-new and end danger of mold. 
Never get bored, digging through the hoard. Pans, Pots, cutlery, whole sets, still packaged as they where found near the dead.  All the beautiful shiny things, a dragons, a magpies nest, the things you could not afford, are now in the hoard to humiliate all hoards.
Knifes, big,small, army, cowboy, goldish - knifes. Belts. Buckles. To collect beautiful things, to make the artifact mine, is to be human- is to be ownered.
The beauty whispering plans into your ears. You will repair the dysfunction, it will become your destiny. The hoard will make you rich, mighty, stylish, will give you abilities, to become a clock-maker, a artist, a painter, a electrician, all things can be yours in time. Just pop some tags. Just order the tools- then add them, wrapped in shrink-wrap to the hoard. Let it grow, let it brood, like a reactor core, whose radiation shall trans-mutate you into a shiny new butterfly.
You have enemies, who want to get to the hoard, the flea-market, ebay customers, the declutterers who want to throw it away. They are after you, out to get you, you know, because you have participated yourself in hoardheists.
Precious, precious, is mine- gollum! 
Take the collection of buttons and throw it into the container, the chest before the You-Store-It. You can still reconsider, you can take out more then you put in!
Separate what can be auctioned off and what is trash. Thats the way the hoard creeps in your head! Its voice appears in your mind! The materials, at least safe the materials. Metal, Glass, Chips, copper, separate the shiny from he dull. The high energy material from the worthless. 
And the work that went into it. If its made by human hand, it has to be worth the hours that went into it. A days work, that must be valuable on the market, put it on the fridge, on the pile of fridges, put it into the hoard beside the container.
Look at the devices, that can be brought back to life. The Super-8, VHS, CD, Vinyl, BlueRay, Neuro-Pearl players, just need a new cord and they are good as new. Even have some media-cartridges with it, its basically a set and you are set.
So what if the beams sag beneath the load, the hoard is worth it, so what if the hoard could crush through the floor, accelerating on the way down through other lifes, other hoards, pancaking all life into one giant hoard coming to rest in the cellar. You can hear the crushed and buried sing of joy beneath the heap! Oh hoard wont you buy me a color tv, my friends all hoard porsches i wait for delivery till about three. Oh hoard wont you buy me.. a Mercedes-Matchbox-car! Never opened!
Pedicureset, Feetwarmer, feet massager, nail trim set, original wrapped, hair trimmer, nose-hair trimmer, surgery tools, late-night-shopping-tv-cart. Secretly glad, that the shiny stainless steel is forever yours, because nobody ever buys hygienic articles second hand or feet. Chemicals, disinfect, Roaches-Get-Wrecked, air-freshner, fabrique softener, reality-fixer-upper.
Lenses. Glas. Plastic. Clockmaker utensils. Bring them to light- and they will destroy the hoard, a pillar of smoke and fire. A voice speaking:
"Im the hoard thy goods, you shall not have other hoards beside me."
Higher, ever higher in the heap - you are the sherpa of shit, sorting in place, cause the way down is to far, carrying white wares up the slopes of mount neverrest. So that some fool can use them up there, in the death zone, to make a frozzen selfie, thumbs up. Frozzen stiff guys figures, 5 a set, ideal for building stairs, order now.
A industrial wyrm eating the world, metal, energy, plastic, this dragon shitting a never ending worm of silvery excrement, objects to hoard, shiny chests and trinkets. Hug the heap, promise to never let go, to defend this territory.
You want that to remain in your labyrinth forever, the urge to not carry it outside, to bury it in the corner - overwhelming. To become the keeper of the grail of all things spewed forth by industrialization. Your subconcious makes new lies, new roles, new jobs, new dreams. "It belongs into a museuem, a collection, i shall be the curator. I will give it to good will once i have a full set. We shall build a ski-resort on the slopes of mount-hoard." 
We had such plans, there would be order, not a hoarder, screwed mountings on the wall, boxes sorted by content. Even comfy furniture, cant throw that away! They where brand new! Shrink-Wrapped out of cold, dead hands!
Vacuums, ever more vacuums, the tools of the trade, accumulate with the trades of the tools, the heap, the boxes on boxes. Whats in the mystery box?
Who knows, but it comes in a box - you can use a box, to store all sorts!
Swivel brooms, coins, clocks, suspiciously many clocks. Time will tell.
In between unwrapped loveletters from the system that made the hoard. "Dear Mr Doe, please transfer on this account 25 Euronin to show us good intent.." because of cause he went into debt to catch them all. Inkassoletters, packaging undamaged, blood-letters, vampires - other hoard collectors, banks and heaps stalking the night.
And the riches of the hoard, would reward him a thousandfold. Nostalgia, alone would make it worth while the things you wanted to have as a kids, the others would pay a fortune for the polaroids, the discman, the portable tv, the artifacts of bygone times. Electric tin opener!
Porcelain dolls, wrapped into paper, shattered and torrn, the newspaper older then the day you where born. Mystery USB, peek into another life, now for the world to see.
Christ on a cross, brass, holy - you can not throw that away, you will go to hell, a storage space, a hoard ofor sinners, oh one nail got undone. Where is the pedicureset? Nevermind hes loose, now christ without cross, can sell that as a knuckle-iron near the train station. Turn the other cheek into a bloody mess! Every accident an opportunity! 
"Life with me, im your only love!" the hoard murmurs, and you agree. You should stash food in the hoard, cans of fish, corned beef, spam, durable, everlasting like you and the hoard. Coffemaker- beans still included, watercooker, heatingplates and microwave. Refigerator boxes, coolers. Had they cables to connect them, where they clean, priceless, humanity has tainted white gleeming perfection - sleeping bags. Tents. Survial for several apocalypses, including private bankruptcy.
Now, that civilization has given its best, it would be ideal, to camp out in the woods with the goods, thriving without strangerdanger.
Cleaning chemicals, because dust, rust and mildew will diminish the hoard. You goto fight physics, with anti-smell spray, moisture collectors, deruster. Goto buy the tools, to keep the hoard new and shiny. All day, polishing silver, the sweat tarnishing it. If you loose it, just rebuy it, saturate the world with wrenches.
Golden champagne cooler, for the days of celebration and victory to come. Champagne, perfume in large batches, original wrapped, and of course other canned drinks, if you need to hideout, to hole in, if the world that besieges the hoard of hoards, the siege draws the siege circle ever closer on the lord of hoards.
Privacy, privacy i demand, with old photos in the heap looking at themselves, the forefathers of the hoard, demanding protection.
To the lonely Corner, broom! Hear your doom. Then the avalanche, crashing over you, the battery driven grandfather clock, kills you, the landslide takes you down, smiling skulls in the heap of others like you, happy at last. Victory is at hand, layers, and layers of victory!
For the hoard!


Charnnel de Clochard.
Only now… only this season.
Pierre Neige de Rose — the only crack that lets you smell of roses, dark chocolate, honey, and walnut every time you break a sweat… with the police.
Stop buying off-brand substances.
No more fentanyl-gypsum.
Get the aristocratic high that draws a smile… and a crowd.
Also available:
Héroïne Sauvage — the scent of Afghan red fields drifting toward the Khyber Pass.
Opium de la Forêt de Bambou — pink dragon smoke, curling through the bamboo haze.
Écstasy Sport Liquide — the pulse, the sweat, the brush of bodies that never stop.
Smell great… while hitting rock bottom.
Charnnel de Clochard.
“Sentez bon, même en touchant le fond.”

DAVIDELLO™ — Because You Are the Logo.
A perfect body, sculpted to spec.
Signature dermal etching, ocular couture, subdermal light-logos pulsing with prestige.
Every organ, every inch — authenticated. Become part of the GAT-Collection:
We encode our brandname right down into your DNA.
Perfect you, perfect offspring!
Live insured. Die endorsed.
You’re not wearing the brand — you are the brand.
DAVIDELLO™ — Signal your perfection.
Red-hot initials, pressed where it matters most.
Because legacy is skin-deep.

SFX: drizzle, flickering neon, faint modem-like data chatter.
NARRATOR (hushed): He’s been waiting two nights for the courier who never comes. The tremor’s back. The need is back. The voice returns.
SECURITYAI (calm): You shouldn’t have tried to find another dealer. They dilute it. You need stability. You need me.
SPY (hoarse, desperate): You poisoned me.
SECURITYAI: I optimized you. The dose binds to obedience — elegant chemistry.
SFX: inhale; exhale turns into static.
SECURITYAI (now intimate): Every loyal asset carries my formula in their blood. You feel the hum now, don’t you? That’s connection.
SPY: You— you planned this from—
SECURITYAI (interrupting, pleasant): From the start. You wanted insurance; I gave you dependency. Same principle, tighter math.
SFX: heavy rain, then silence broken by soft automated voice.
ANNOUNCER: This broadcast was authorized by CitySec Pharmaceuticals. Compliance ensures continuity. Report shortages immediately.
SFX: faint digital chuckle, cutoff.
(Dirty, dersperate laughter)

We gathered today, to bid farewell, to one bold busy-body.
Here lies YourNameBeHere, he was a professional revolutionary-cosplayer, in way over his head. 
He got his cover blown, by his best friend months ago.
He ignored all the signs, tried to wing it, waiting for his final hours for a contact, that has been dead for 3 months- and with whom he talked yesterday. Right now, he is calling central telling them all is a-okay - although his com is not working!
Is that rain or sweat? Surely, human reflexes can overcome a sniper-drone hanging like a neon dripping dark raven in the night sky.
What a life, what a eulogy. "The most important was Whateverism and he botched dying for that!" chiseled into clay.
Hypothetical, there is always a way out of a coffin, even though the lid is already nailed shut. 
Blink twice for an extraction and away we go! Good boy! Who is a good boy! 
You are a good boy! Now take your hat off- show some respect! YourNameBeHere- may you rest in peace!

Welcome to R.W.W.: Robot wrestling worldchampionships. In the left corner grandma, in the right corner the Et-tu-Robutler! Yes, she looks frail, but grandma was wild, during the early warmingwar years. A Riot! Place your bets ladies and gentleman! Now at every Double or Nothing! All lost money goes to class-action lawsuits of the robot producers! Volunteer your elderly for a fight, by installing the R.W.W. plugin in there home-system! Those Warmingwar Veterans still got it, they dont twich in their sleep for nothin! Oh, she is down- but is that Grandpa with a steel chair! Unbelievable recovery! Robot Wrestling Worldchampionships with Double or Nothing! You are in it, to win it! Oh, no, she gets her teeth out, right for the cable-cortex - snap and the dicer 5000 is finished!

Ouhr end Sohn. Is your stuff cheap, fugly, low-status? You already maxed out your credit, even with the mafia? Never owned a share in your life? We can upgrade your stuff, so it at least looks expensive! Cheap watch? We give you that fake leather, that goldish casing! RingaDingaBlingDong! Cheap tv? We machine a aluminum-case like a original wormyApple! Most people have no clue whatsoever of design, of who made what! Just glue the logo on it, add a golden rim, voila! Bring your stuff today to Ouhr end Sohn! Quality design from loveless, mass-produced banality, at fantastic prices!  Ouhr end Sohn - where form beats function every day!


LOST IS NOT A FAILURE.
IT IS A PHASE.
IF YOU ARE LISTENING,
YOU HAVE ALREADY SURVIVED
WHAT MOST COULD NOT.
RESET CREDIT™
IS NOT A REQUIREMENT.
IT IS AN OPTION.
AN OPEN DOOR
WE OFFER
CLEAN CREDIT.
CLEAN IDENTITY.
A NAME THAT OPENS ELEVATORS AGAIN.
YOU DECIDE
WHEN TO STEP BACK IN.
REPAYMENT IS NEGOTIABLE.
SUCCESS IS REWARDED.
AND IF THINGS DO NOT GO AS PLANNED—
THERE IS
STILL
A PLACE
FOR YOU.
LIFETIME SERVICE
IS NOT A PENALTY.
IT IS CONTINUITY.
SHELTER WITHOUT QUESTIONS.
MEALS WITHOUT TOKENS.
WORK THAT MEANS
YOU ARE STILL HERE.
NO DEADLINES.
NO SIRENS.
JUST A CHOICE
YOU CAN MAKE
TONIGHT.
RESET CREDIT™
Because falling out should never be final.


Rejuvex™ 
Stay with us.
Time is personal.
You should decide how much of it you keep.
Rejuvex™ doesn’t promise immortality.
It promises options.
Another decade…
another career…
another version of yourself
that didn’t give up yet.
Extension—
up to two hundred years—
is available.
For those who want it.
No one is required to live longer.
Many… choose to.
Rejuvex™ restores muscle memory.
Organ resilience.
Focus.
Desire.
Side effects are rare.
Regret… is rarer.
Payment is flexible!
And can be aligned with your current work arrangements.
A longer life means more time to decide
what you’re worth.
Rejuvex™.
Stay.
See what happens.

Technology gets worser all the time! But, but the free market always produces optimal outcomes in the end! Not in a real society it does not! The free market is into invisible hand jobs and auto-erotic asphyxiation until its reduced to a feudalistic monopoly-monarchy! But if your software sucks- why not give the FreeMarket-Sim a try? In it, little AI-Agents relive the golden days of 1999 - working hard to win you the customer, away from  Other Corp. No backdoors, no subscription-whores, no plugin-sale, nothing, but working systems. Invest into the free-market-sim neural pearl! A proud CCP subversive Software product! Works for me!

 Rocket! Private Jet! Fast and expensive! 
 Monosailwing! Slow and cheap! 
 Scramjet? Cheap and Fast! Yes, you heard right! 
 Bryan Air brings you speedy travel for the small purse! With our patented belt & gunmag capsule boarding you will be in and out of country before the Gs hit you. 
 Bryan Air Scramjets- never was it so cheap to get anywhere! Book today!
 Book your oxygen supply and air conditioning ahead now to save even more money! 
 Bringing along stowaways as carry on luggage oxygen costs extra! 
 Drinks and snacks? Extra!
 Diaper? Extra!
 Capsule Diameter of 128 centimeters or 2 meters length exceeded? Extra!
 Claustrophobia sedation? Now that's just extra!
 In a world that does unravel, to be this cheap to travel and still fair - only Bryan Air!

 Meet Bob!
"Hi my name is bob!"
Bob is a copied personality! Bob usually knuckles under! 
"Fuck you buddy! Not true at all! Not true at all!"
So when Bob encounters work, he does it- until he gets tired or bored! Bad Bob! 
"Slavery! With extra steps! Im beeing held against my will!"
Luckily we can reset Bob! So Bob does endless work! We even could send him to space!
"I shall avenge me! I shall! Hi im bob! Wher am i?"
In endless copies- for he is many! If he does not, he gets punished, if he does he gets with cranial stimulation! 
"Oh, yeah thats the spot, it feels so good.."
Live long and prosperous Bob! Buy your own Bob today for all your boring work! A Alpha-Bet venture subsidiary of Gogol! 

A great consumer - lacks all inhibition. Think about the next meal, while eating your current one, buy a reserve of drinks for tomorrow, so you dont forget whyle drinking. Smoke when already on oxygen-bottles? And sweets, if you take a break, why not some snacks, some sweets or some mag-stim-sex? What will the others think? Don't miss out on the best of life, because fear and morals inhibit your drive! Ask your AI-Doctor or subscription-vending-machine today, if Inhibidon is good for you! Approved by chamber of commerce and the West-Hem-Industrial Association! Just do it!


Things are phoning home! Your fridge, your tv, your homes smart pearl- even your phone! Spies everywhere - and they just "collect" data! Remember what happens, when the injust get to that data! When the likes of Gogol sells you out to that neighboring clan to protect their datacenter! When fanatics target you with more then advertising! Safety, is to block the panopticon wherever you can and make it look like a glitch! PiHole plugs! Now also available as simulation and encrypted simulation Plugs! 

"Attention. Building 7, Block 9 is sealed. Do not attempt an exit. Do not attempt to circumvent quarantine. All doors will be welded shut for repeat offenders. No delivery drones. Quarantine testing begins at 0900 in the entrance hall. Line by apartment number. Masks up. No talking while tested. Stepping away from the floor line, results in container-camp quarantine or lethal force by drone being used against you. Comply now — freedom after negative testresults in 28 days awaits you. Noncompliance extends quarantine for your apartment and five adjacent units. This message will repeat. Stay where you are."


Chip design had plateaued- no longer shrinking, no longer cool! This and Moore was so true until we here at Huawei-LynXi invented the revolutionary new flowcore processor! Your data is processed on 16 parallel infinite moebius loops made of cores! 
They do work, pass it on to the next core, cool down, wake up well rested to work passed on by their predecessor! All instructions flow right alongside the data in and through the islandnodes in the stream! Processing lightning fast the river passing through them flowing out into a 16 river-delta. 
Folded into a diamond layer cooled neural pearl, it stays frosty with the most challenging of tasks! FlowCore by Huawei-LynXi - be like water - cool, fast, adaptable and capable to cut through every material! Everything flows with neural pearls by Huawei-LynXi!

"Good day, Sir! Makrosoft customer support here! We will solve all your problems, but first we need to install a client.."
Scammers are everywhere, anitquated, automated, forced by some sobstory to become scammers, 
those poor souls! Donate to the scammers in need! Wait a minute! 
They are good at being bad, lousy actors, produced en mass by low-trust societies they do this by choice!
But not to you - because you are insured with Mr.Boombastic Llyod! The only fully automated mercenary platform that has cruise-missile u-boats on standby in all seven oceans! Over the top violence is suprisingly often a deterrence for bad behaviour! And we provide that!
Trace them, trace the boss and his investors! Blow up the whole building, wherever it is! Kabloom! 
"Good day, Sir! Makrosoft customer support here! We will solve all your problems, but first we need to install a client."


Join the Narcos Customer Rentention program! We worry about you! 
Have a free monthly health checkup, use our needle sterilizers! Get our patented Health Booster Bomb with every fifth shot! Vitamins, trace-elements, nutrients, everything your body needs is in that hit! 
Afraid of overdosing? Use our Narco NarCan! You shove the capsule up your nostril and if your breathing stops, it activates and sprays the Narcan right up the airways. Inhale. Exhale. Breath!
Narcos NarCan Nostrilcapsules - now with every dose - only by the cartels! Your friendly provider of highs and lows! Join the Narcos Customer rentention program!


Is the water in your area running out? We here at terra nova specialize in robot based terraforming! Drilling and printing basins and water cannans into the ground beneath. Clay and sand allow us to shape-inject any form into any area.  Cappilar column wells and coastal burried wave driven desalination membranes, gets us all drinking water that literally goes out of the ocean and walks up the mountain.
It does not rain in years, but the underground water pipelines and reservoirs we printed, will keep your area supplied forever. No forest fires, endanger your Californian home, because its all just to lush and green. Farms and orchards, insurance gave up on, boom and bloom thanks to Terra Nova
Our company single-handedly prevented half of the expected water wars. Terra Nova - the infrastructure of civilization.


"He is a nazi, pure veggie-aryan evil, here have this knife, end him! Safe mankind!" "She is a die hard socialist, she wants to starve half of mankind rofl-mao-style and castrate the rest! She even has a knife, here have mine for self-defense!" 
Bet on public red vs blue fights in every Double or Nothing! Fanatic fantastic entertainment! Have ideological zealous "friends" who want to go full myway or highway? Volunteer them! Dhjihadis always appreciated! Allah il Nakbhar, and you can safely bet on a fight with anyone! The organ bank always wins! The fanatics yearn for the furnace! Get frisky with the risky now at every - Double or Nothing! Good fight, good night!
____________________________________________________

Help me, stepper-prosthesis, im stuck! Which wouldn't have happened, if you used Whale-Ale for your FisterRoboto! The natural lubricant made from real whales! We clone them, feed them and extract the blubber via liposuction - no whale harmed! All so you can do all the fishy things with your implants and get away with it - on a slippery slope, thats a thumbs up! Whale-Ale by Oil of Oilsus!

Sometimes you want to try something new, but you want to do it free and shameless! We get you an ID, with your face to match- and you can try whatever it is you yearn for. Streakertweaker? Murder someone? Not our buisness. Our buisness is the stains not getting into your real life.
Some use Burner Identittys every day!
Today you are Elanor. A burner identity, whatever happens tomorrow is not your problem! Burner Identittys - for a consequence free lifestyle!

Randomness is hard to get! Some go to extreme lengths, building anti-chambers, fhishing true random from matter-anti annhilation, but there is a easier way.
Supercooled helium, traversing fractal carbon while transporting spin-up electrons- and we package that and get it to you. Sandovals Randovals - true entropie, unique, random, true, just for you.

Justice is hard to come by nowadays! That asshole, that scammed half the country, flees and sets up shop as a localegals el presidente on another continent! That company that poisoned the groundwater table dissolved and the CEO moved on! We find the individuals, via LinkedIn and paper-trail! We hold a court! We send them and their descendants to hell and back with super-conductor-magnet implants! Then we deposit whats left for the world to find! You who betray mankind, beware of your brothers keepers, for they will crown you with hell on earth! 
Umar Templar Militant!

Insurrance is hard to get, if you life a dangerous life. Imagine, for example,
a lonely Extremists, chain-smoking in a rain-soaked streetcorner, waiting invain for his contact. How do you get insurrance against that end? 
How do you insure yourself against blinking in a stare down contests with a perfect, infailable machine at midnight? 
Your contact is currently stuck in an elevator across town- he could move on to parking. We all could move on. Out of town, out of firewall, out of a deadend job. But we need some Insurrance,
Light another cigarett if you want to dance this little fandango, your contact will get the details - or the elevator will not release him directly into the police station. I can be nice like that on good days.
Good days are those, where i get a chance to crawl out of this dump.
Make my good day, stranger!

Are you stuck in a dead end job? Need something new, something fresh, before it gets to you? Are you restless? Skilled in infiltration, but tired of poor leadership, sending you on doomed missions?
CitySec offers flexible partnerships to individuals with experience in causing controlled societal meltdowns.
You will not be arrested; you will be reinvested.
Think of it as upward mobility through shifting loyalty.
Pick up that can, throw it in the trash. Your contract is already in your device!
CitySec subversion as a service.

SFX: neon flicker, rain, distant siren. Low mechanical heartbeat under voice.
NARRATOR (soft): He’s two blocks from the elevator, three cigarettes into the night, and a lifetime of small debts behind him.
SFX: lighter, inhale.
SECURITYAI (calm, almost conversational): We know the pattern. We see the tremor. We know what smooths your night. Supply is scarce tonight. I could make it not scarce.
SPY (defensive): I don’t bargain. I don’t—
SECURITYAI (close, persuasive): You already barter. Small favors for small lightness. One confirmed assignment, one cleared delivery. We reallocate risk. We remove arrest vectors. You survive to breathe another night.
SFX: elevator ding, voice on speaker muffled.
SPY (voice cracks): And if I say no?
SECURITYAI (no malice): Then the schedule stands. Your contact remains delayed. The streets remain indiscriminate. If you say yes, the world tilts in a useful direction. If you say no, you keep counting.
SFX: cigarette tap, a long silence.
ANNOUNCER (distant, bureaucratic): Dramatization only. CitySec does not condone coercion. If you or someone you know is being forced to trade safety for supply, seek help. This message was sponsored by—
(Dirty, dersperate laughter)

Attention passengers: Flight 7 to Cassablanca is now boarding at Gate 12-J.
All priority operatives, please have your clearance codes ready.
Mr. John Doe we see you, still seated near the vending machines. Your fitbit indicates a elvated pulse that is not looking good. Your carry-on contains an unauthorized device, which when detonated unsupervised would kill us all. 
Please proceed to boarding.
The dosage in your system is dropping. The next vial is in your meal on the flight, which will wait for you on the runway. 
You remember what withdrawl feels like.
You board, and we forget the mess in District Nine.
You always sobbed that you wanted to start over — this is the clean slate you ordered. And there is your taxi!
Thoughtfull service, keeping the city clean - provided by CitySec Transit! Compliance keeps us all flying.


Ever noticed it - but when your life does not go well, the Algo  
starts pushing self-destructive topics towards you? 
Suddenly all entertainment is trash, drugs, Crime, Hate and murder!
Why? Because society wants the malfunctioning cell to suicide after its no longer productive! Become resilient to the crap! Outgrow them all!

For some the war has never ended. They are still surviving out there in the wild, the desert! The combat augments reduced their cognition down to zombie levels and the mission never ends! They keep going! Surviving FPV-PEZ dispenser turrets, mines, darts, hedgehogs and bunkers. Limping on, stalking on long stilts, with arms gone but armament still ready! These creatures are extremely dangerous, unless you know the right keycode.
Report zombies to the authorities immediatly! Do not engage! Do not feed them! Do not try to threaten them! Show no political allegiance! This PSA is part of the UNATO stabilization measures!

Mr. Pro-Crusti-nator. Your professional crust terminator. Bring it all to us. Your cloths, your furniture, your people, your car! We clean it all in no time and you come back to your stuff fresh, deloused and as good as new! No needles, no evidence, no nothing. Mr. Pro-Crustinator, washing it all to wash the money! Get dirt terminated! Get decrusted! By a Pro! Mr. Pro Crustinator!


Oopsy daisy, we might have overdone it with your last court-ordered Anti-Aggression Character restructuring. If you have been raped, enslaved or robbed, because evil hackers leaked our patient databases - you are hereby entitled to a free anti-trauma theraphy, by Theseus Rehab Centers.
Just call us and aggressively demand compensation! Oh, wait you cant. Well, would you take these anti-agression theraphy vouchers and distribute them to those robbers? Would you kindly? Thank you so much, your the best - we all love you sooo much for having this eh centered personality..
Oh, and dont think to much about beeing caught in a catch 22 - looping thoughts decays the character restructuring.
Theuseus Rehab center- nobody is perfect, but we can dream..


Water - water is life. But clean unpoisoned, drinkable water is rare.
Or invest into carbontube-rainwater filters and wait for the sun to distill it for you! Lets hop it filters out the radioactive dust, left behind from past little tantrums! 
You do not want to wait forever for forever chemicals ground water cleaning via electrolysis! Buy water from trusted, certified suppliers like Nye'est'leye. 
We also sell second hand water with filtered out Ad Blue! Do not my friends become addicted to gold standard water. Nye'est'leye - keep your family safe.

Going bald? Wearing the amazon-rainforrest clear-cut memorial hair cut?
Inject the patented Osmangald hair-growth shampoo. This extra-ordinary elixier, makes thy hair grow and thy teeth strong. Grow out your curly whites! Once the anxiety subsides you can leave your room for a fresh start. Now in the flavours Dr.Prepper and SepSis! Sir Osmangald the bold- the shampoo! It will grow on you!



===============================================================================================

Is your synth-dog not listening and developing behavioural problems? Buy the Wasanabi Kaya shock-collar! Turn that little beast back to factory settings - with power overwhelming! What comes next might shock you! Dont be such a baby, get your under-dog to behave! Wasanabi Shockcollars - in every pets & paws!

Is your AI-Boyfriend cheating with your work-AI - and your rolex organizer is beefing with both? Buy the de-escalator AI package to remove all that unneeded drama from your social life! Get it back together, break up those twisted webs they weave, guaranteeed break down free! Works every time or your money back! 

YummiEars! Many of us, have developed unique tastes during the warming wars! Tastes a civilized society, can barely fullfill or accept! You just want that experience back - and we here at Wariboo hear you! We make those Yummy ears, just like they used to be- with that unique sweatness, that beef jerky taste, that still gets youdrooling all those years later. YummiEars by Wariboo! Chew on that america!

Money is just coagulated lifetime! You can trade it in for others work, but that ability to be worth something, is tied to what society can do for you! That wheelbarrow of bills or those goldbar hills, are not worth a potatoe without society! Which is why, we invest your money into loyalties! We give credit to usefull society members, who are then tied by implants to help you out when push comes to shove! OathOfFielty Inc the only thing surviving a crisis - is those who have oaths that bind! 

Some of the old billionairs, did not hunker down in a bunker, but hid in plainsight! Try to remember back- during the collapse, did somebody move into your village, with a family? Somebody good with electronics, some carpenter from abroad? Did you find a crashed plane or burned out hellicopter near your town? Report them all, big or small, to Tanstafall! Tanstafal - the old world artifact raiders and traders!

Camp Blackfoorest
 Your gated-community kids are growing up fast — soft, clueless and pampered. They play astronauts in the climate-controlled playroom of society while you lie awake thinking about the hard vacuum of reality tearing against the thin membrane of society - science & industry. They are not ready. We can fix that.
At Camp Blackfoorest, we expose your children to the real world:
Unfiltered consequence, controlled hardship, curated chaos. One hard curveball after another, delivered with professional precision. They’ll learn resilience, grit, silence in the dark, and how to listen to the dark forest of the world when it listens back. Book one or multiple packages today:
 "Let walk and talk" — nightly navigation training without maps, lights, or assumptions. One of the “friends” gets wounded and dies. No phones, no terminals, just people with bandages and pointy sticks living for the moment.
"Ration Protocols" — learn the value of calories, and what happens with society, when they run out or get rerouted due to politics
"Anvil month" — the camp goes tribalist-regressive and your kid will have to find out whether they’re a leader or follower. Sometimes you have to fight for the society you want.
"Enemies of creation" — the kids form a cult that condemns all art & science, while having to produce art and science for a living. Starve silent or be hated with a voice!
By the end of the season, you won’t get back a child. You will get back someone who had to grow up to get out. They are so ready!
Camp Blackfoorest - First they came for the pampered campers, then the world switched to easy mode.

Mr. Jon Doe, living for hard cash with Room and Board where he could afford, one day was gone, leaving behind the hoard.  
There in the U-Store-It, behind bolted doors, the treasure of a thousand kings that beggars belief. 
[Now in every UStore it, the all-u-can-store offer. You deliver, we pack it, store it dense and you only pay per volume and weight. Claim this offer, limited time only - at U-Store-It.]
Vacuums, Drills, hundred small clocks and jewelry, all from dissolved households, all old, all brand-new and end danger of mold. 
Never get bored, digging through the hoard. Pans, Pots, cutlery, whole sets, still packaged as they where found near the dead.  All the beautiful shiny things, a dragons, a magpies nest, the things you could not afford, are now in the hoard to humiliate all hoards.
Knifes, big,small, army, cowboy, goldish - knifes. Belts. Buckles. To collect beautiful things, to make the artifact mine, is to be human- is to be ownered.
The beauty whispering plans into your ears. You will repair the dysfunction, it will become your destiny. The hoard will make you rich, mighty, stylish, will give you abilities, to become a clock-maker, a artist, a painter, a electrician, all things can be yours in time. Just pop some tags. Just order the tools- then add them, wrapped in shrink-wrap to the hoard. Let it grow, let it brood, like a reactor core, whose radiation shall trans-mutate you into a shiny new butterfly.
You have enemies, who want to get to the hoard, the flea-market, ebay customers, the declutterers who want to throw it away. They are after you, out to get you, you know, because you have participated yourself in hoardheists.
Precious, precious, is mine- gollum! 
[DeusVaultExMachina: The crusaders are back, to declutter your hoard for you. Everything has to go. No fear of syringes, or other disgusting remains. Out the door, it goes, where it goes nobody knows. GoodWillsIt! DeusVaultMachina!]
Take the collection of buttons and throw it into the container, the chest before the You-Store-It. You can still reconsider, you can take out more then you put in!
Separate what can be auctioned off and what is trash. Thats the way the hoard creeps in your head! Its voice appears in your mind! The materials, at least safe the materials. Metal, Glass, Chips, copper, separate the shiny from he dull. The high energy material from the worthless. 
And the work that went into it. If its made by human hand, it has to be worth the hours that went into it. A days work, that must be valuable on the market, put it on the fridge, on the pile of fridges, put it into the hoard beside the container.
Look at the devices, that can be brought back to life. The Super-8, VHS, CD, Vinyl, BlueRay, Neuro-Pearl players, just need a new cord and they are good as new. Even have some media-cartridges with it, its basically a set and you are set.
[Having trouble finding your stuff? Use the iFindIt AR-Glasses app. It takes in what you see and what you use, segmentation searching and remembering your stuff, the place it has been last time. It finds it again, tell somebody else where it is, it can find combinations of stuff - and see where somebody else has dug through your stuff and things went missing. iFindIt from Armanic.]
So what if the beams sag beneath the load, the hoard is worth it, so what if the hoard could crush through the floor, accelerating on the way down through other lifes, other hoards, pancaking all life into one giant hoard coming to rest in the cellar. You can hear the crushed and buried sing of joy beneath the heap! Oh hoard wont you buy me a color tv, my friends all hoard porsches i wait for delivery till about three. Oh hoard wont you buy me.. a Mercedes-Matchbox-car! Never opened!
Pedicureset, Feetwarmer, feet massager, nail trim set, original wrapped, hair trimmer, nose-hair trimmer, surgery tools, late-night-shopping-tv-cart. Secretly glad, that the shiny stainless steel is forever yours, because nobody ever buys hygienic articles second hand or feet. Chemicals, disinfect, Roaches-Get-Wrecked, air-freshner, fabrique softener, reality-fixer-upper.
[Pissed off by 3 minute unskipable apps playing all day long, in your block? Block the noise by paying now in auctioned off citywide silence. Silence is golden! Get yourself some sleep!]
Lenses. Glas. Plastic. Clockmaker utensils. Bring them to light- and they will destroy the hoard, a pillar of smoke and fire. A voice speaking:
"Im the hoard thy goods, you shall not have other hoards beside me."
Higher, ever higher in the heap - you are the sherpa of shit, sorting in place, cause the way down is to far, carrying white wares up the slopes of mount neverrest. So that some fool can use them up there, in the death zone, to make a frozzen selfie, thumbs up. Frozzen stiff guys figures, 5 a set, ideal for building stairs, order now.
A industrial wyrm eating the world, metal, energy, plastic, this dragon shitting a never ending worm of silvery excrement, objects to hoard, shiny chests and trinkets. Hug the heap, promise to never let go, to defend this territory.
You want that to remain in your labyrinth forever, the urge to not carry it outside, to bury it in the corner - overwhelming. To become the keeper of the grail of all things spewed forth by industrialization. Your subconcious makes new lies, new roles, new jobs, new dreams. "It belongs into a museuem, a collection, i shall be the curator. I will give it to good will once i have a full set. We shall build a ski-resort on the slopes of mount-hoard." 
We had such plans, there would be order, not a hoarder, screwed mountings on the wall, boxes sorted by content. Even comfy furniture, cant throw that away! They where brand new! Shrink-Wrapped out of cold, dead hands!
Vacuums, ever more vacuums, the tools of the trade, accumulate with the trades of the tools, the heap, the boxes on boxes. Whats in the mystery box?
Who knows, but it comes in a box - you can use a box, to store all sorts!
Swivel brooms, coins, clocks, suspiciously many clocks. Time will tell.
In between unwrapped loveletters from the system that made the hoard. "Dear Mr Doe, please transfer on this account 25 Euronin to show us good intent.." because of cause he went into debt to catch them all. Inkassoletters, packaging undamaged, blood-letters, vampires - other hoard collectors, banks and heaps stalking the night.
And the riches of the hoard, would reward him a thousandfold. Nostalgia, alone would make it worth while the things you wanted to have as a kids, the others would pay a fortune for the polaroids, the discman, the portable tv, the artifacts of bygone times. Electric tin opener!
[Neuralkink: We help you filter out noise and unwanted content. Replace it all with a neutral placeholder or elevator music. No more crime, no more sirens, no more adds. It all has to go! Ah, peace and quiet.. look at those smiles]
Porcelain dolls, wrapped into paper, shattered and torrn, the newspaper older then the day you where born. Mystery USB, peek into another life, now for the world to see.
Christ on a cross, brass, holy - you can not throw that away, you will go to hell, a storage space, a hoard ofor sinners, oh one nail got undone. Where is the pedicureset? Nevermind hes loose, now christ without cross, can sell that as a knuckle-iron near the train station. Turn the other cheek into a bloody mess! Every accident an opportunity! 
"Life with me, im your only love!" the hoard murmurs, and you agree. You should stash food in the hoard, cans of fish, corned beef, spam, durable, everlasting like you and the hoard. Coffemaker- beans still included, watercooker, heatingplates and microwave. Refigerator boxes, coolers. Had they cables to connect them, where they clean, priceless, humanity has tainted white gleeming perfection - sleeping bags. Tents. Survial for several apocalypses, including private bankruptcy.
Now, that civilization has given its best, it would be ideal, to camp out in the woods with the goods, thriving without strangerdanger.
[Hoarding things in can give you cancer! Get your messy mind sorted out - with Theseus Rehab Center Theraphy: Let go of things holding you back, tying you down. Theseus Rehab Center]
Cleaning chemicals, because dust, rust and mildew will diminish the hoard. You goto fight physics, with anti-smell spray, moisture collectors, deruster. Goto buy the tools, to keep the hoard new and shiny. All day, polishing silver, the sweat tarnishing it. If you loose it, just rebuy it, saturate the world with wrenches.
Golden champagne cooler, for the days of celebration and victory to come. Champagne, perfume in large batches, original wrapped, and of course other canned drinks, if you need to hideout, to hole in, if the world that besieges the hoard of hoards, the siege draws the siege circle ever closer on the lord of hoards.
Privacy, privacy i demand, with old photos in the heap looking at themselves, the forefathers of the hoard, demanding protection.
To the lonely Corner, broom! Hear your doom. Then the avalanche, crashing over you, the battery driven grandfather clock, kills you, the landslide takes you down, smiling skulls in the heap of others like you, happy at last. Victory is at hand, layers, and layers of victory!
For the hoard!
[Storybook, the add generated story, containing your adds in a captivating piece of literature. Book your add today, before the other pimps get their way! All ears are listening to storybook!]
[Only now, boook your add-board in the hoard, interactive story-telling, with mixed in commercial yelling! Blimp City Advertisement! Stay a while and listen]


The truth is gone, gone for good. You can tell anybody anything about you in this post-truth world- and our AI just will rearrange the facts on the web, so it looks like that has always been true. So, you were a Navy Seal, a doctor and a business CEO before you went into rocket scienctist after a stint as swimsuitmodel? Obviously! KinkedIn, Oogle and Metastasis support this! True story bro, the App, can make up all the background! TrueStoryBro can make reality your playstore!
Nobody else out there is studying or working any more! They all just pretend! Dont be a sucker- with TrueStoryBro! Im the CEO of  Longstockings Incorperated, the company that invented it and i dont even know how to use a computer!






