In a world where fashion tastes are uni-diverse-all, there is only one way to please all - wear nothing at all.
Emperors Fashionista minimaline is that manifold oVRlay-dress, tailoring you to the observers taste.
Now, with the smallest baselayer ever via recognex-tatoos,  you can walk perfectly dressed out of the pool into the city. Morphing, everchanging, mesmerizing, your dress can be like you, your mood, your creativity. 
Emperor fashion - the others are naked. 
Fast: Now guaranteed to work on all reflective surfaces and with Peep-O-Tom autoreporting.

CreepTo potlash rings - status jewelry with engraved wallet codes, making it valuable beyond bare metal. 1 ByteCoin becomes 1 Ring, to rule them all. The ultimate flex in a world where everything of value is ever faster obsolete. Not this ring; for this ring, a part of that world burned to ash. Let value not be defined by the needs of an ever more deranged society. Let value be what had to vanish for the symbol to exist.

Borders are a concept of the restricted, not you. You are borderless, free, flowing. A true anarcho capitalist walks through the worlds walls like the thin pasttards veils they really are. Let us handle the dogs who bark when the caravan moves forward.  What do they know of the wonders at journeys end oasis yet to come? With us, you can ignore them. Want to relax in a forgotten resort while revolutionary fanatics want to jackhammer the other wing to rubble? Consider it done. Golden Shield Agency. Now only boarding the ruling class - since 1983.

Would your job be a crime if you knew too much? Armanic shades and earpods can blend out information you just can not know to stay longer in the gray zone that is todays business! Waterproof plausible Deniability—the addon! Tempted by a woman looking good? Eclipse-addon blocks out that beachbellybutton and allows you to stay wholysum halal! Want all humans you dislike intensely gone? Just another strange statue, just another box-tree with the autodetecting  Zone-out addon. Want to life in the past and not in what the city has become? 
Be old-school, with the Retro-Addon. ArManic shades - stand a little out of my shades.

Haxxor? But you integrated yourself in a hardworking high-trust society for a nicer, stress-free life - and now your trickster nature took advantage, and they are all going to find out? They will bannish you, toss you back out into the zero-sum-prianha pool from which you came. Back into that casino of thieves, where nobody ever wins. Extra-credits can repair your image on both sides of the culture wars and stabilize your standing. Get reintegrated with Extra-Credits.

Anxiety disorder is what the gazelle is diagnosed with before the lion becomes very real, missed steaks were made and anxiety is suddenly normal. Anxiety is healthy. Recalibrate your environment back to normal, to your anxiety levels, by releasing paintball hunter-killer drones. You can have Princess Xanax and Prince Valuium huddle in a corner with you little grouphugthug. Bring it in! Bringing people back together - a FreeForAllThrustfall-thrust product.

Hivemind seem all powerful, immortal and perfect, until you get to know them. The sum of all pieces, can be a rundown piece of shit too.
Baseline therapists are needed, to doll-match, explain scientific discoveries and prevent them from becoming isolated weirdos trying to take over. Join the United Nations Social Service. We drop by when the townhall goes cuccooclock  and the many go borg . 
We clean up after they wall themselves in, eating one another or get STDs because "go fuck yourself" can be taken to literaly. 
United Nations Social Service.

Many of the delicates of the past are gone forever. No chocolate, no bananas —at least affordable not labcloned ones.
Install the Alepholfactorium. Have it all back, with zero-calories and any substrate foodrink of choice. Eating ice-cream all day, while living healthy? Taste wines, from areas that are dessert now? Its easy, 10-Minutes of ambulant surgery and you are setup for a lifetime of fantastic tastes. Now with ultrasonic tongue rumble packs for that crusty steak texture. Ignorance is bliss, embrace it! Cypher-netics!

Keeping up with doeeyed Jane from the internet is becoming ever more difficult. Be yourself, that all-american recipe, seems to be a recipe for disaster. You starve yourself, you wrap yourself in expensive nothingness, and yet.. those eyes stray to that ashtray in the cloud that has what you just never had. But now, you can be somebody else entirely with Porno-loha, the implant. You can be her, her moves, her look, her breathing. What a ride to Purrfection. Cypher-netics!