Panopticondos -
the most important thing is to be seen! And now your flat does that for you! Cameras everywhere- and a integrated social AI that photographs you, inspires you and generates revenue with all that special moments of your life. "Posture, the bag is alive!" but now its every day! 
In every moment! Should fun and funds run out, you can always sell those little private moments out as porn! They signed the doormat waver after all when they waltzed in!
Panopticondos - a Yeur Voy-Product.
Only now, only for a limited time: Buy the IrrelevantInTheRoom addon, that gives you the "Director"-AI, that drives you up the wall into a breakdown! Have one of those raw kinski moments that the world craves for..

Public Notice and Legal Warning:
You are hereby formally informed, in the presence of a witness, that the property or properties you are currently marketing, trading, or representing may lie within areas identified by insurance and environmental risk models as subject to increased and foreseeable risks such as flooding due to extreme rainfall events or fires.

This material risk is not currently reflected in market prices, nor transparently disclosed to all prospective buyers. However, you are now explicitly made aware that:

    The actual risk-adjusted value of the properties may be significantly lower than current market valuations;

    Failure to disclose these risks to potential buyers may constitute material omission, actionable under consumer protection, tort, or fraud statutes;

    You are now under obligation to either:

        Provide a full written and verbal disclaimer of these environmental risks to every client and counterparty; or

        Refrain from further market activity in these assets, recognizing that continued participation now implies willful exposure to and transmission of this risk, with possible civil and financial liability.

You cannot claim ignorance of these risks from this point forward.


Governor here.
Just a reminder- that the water is perfectly safe. The kindergarden-scandal is a fabrication by the enemies of our localegal.
Do not fall for crafty tradesman, selling non-approved charcoal filters. 
I repeat- there is no lead, cyanide or bromide contamination of the local water table. 
My whole family lifes here- and we all drink the tap-water. 
Its all just yet another ploy by unnamed companies to resale overpriced, filtered tap-water to kindergardens. 
We take all your concerns perfectly serious! Our citizens are our most valued asset! Stay safe, stay informed, stay normed! 
Your Govenor cares for you.

FPVs- the nightmare has come home from the Permawarzones to roost in our cities.
Every gang, every cartels, every mercenary group brought them to attack local police, who was painfully bad equipped to counter that!
Not even container scanners on all city entrances and ports! So now- you need protection. Nets, Jammers, Cameras and sentries.
Consider, for your setup- Trophy ERA-Airbags. The system detects the approaching FPV and dispatches a magazin loaded airbag, that pops of and engulfes or detonates the drone. Sleep safe and sound through another round.
Install for even more protection our counter attack system! Deter attackers, by having drones automatically follow fiber optic lines and signals to the source!

Your localegal does not negotiate with terrorists? But of course they do! 
Every day, weighing cost of elimination versus cost of continued existence. 
Which is why we can continue to provide you with - a selfjustice small claims court! 
Have been poisoned, ripped off or brain-hacked, by a non cooperation party and the bribed police cant even be bothered to pretend action?
Bring it to small claims! We have a fair hearing - and if you are in the right we drive up to their residence, tie them to a latern-post and kabloom! New world, new society - with Vigiliante Justice! We proudly employ Permawar veterans!

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------


Are you burning illegal Methane? 
Remember, only methane with the Ministry of Natures approval stamp is legal!
Everything else contributes to the warming, which makes us use more energy for AC or rebuilding! 
More energy, more permawars, vaster bulbbelt! Just one more methane-bottle and then i quit!
But then you never will, which is why we have this intervention.
We love you - but you goto quit it, today- Ministry of Nature!

All things you eat, contain calories! All things you throw away do too!  Calories are cash! So stop throwing cash away? Buy a svinoi-biogas-reactor! 
It sits in your blocks cellar, down the trash-chute, mulching your leftovers, paper-packages, little mistakes and truecrimed Exes! Cook, heat and power with your own methane! NomNom!
Plastic waste? There is a fungi that breaks most of them down! NomNom! 
Leave just earth & ashes for the hungry at the waste bin. 
Svinoi-Industries - buy everywhere where thermal machinery is sold!

Donate to the Roboterraforming! 
Our drones are out there, in the desert, sun-sintering sand into glass collecting water and offering wind protection.
Terraforming our dying world, so life can take a hold again. You can see the new growth from orbit! 
Donate to biome transplants! We bring nature up the longitude to compatible weather zones and give it time to adapt to the seasons!
Umar-Templar - a better, greener world!

Nature is nice, in the rainy season! All that green becomes a fire hazzard in the dry season! Prevent green hazards like kuzdu near your habbitat!
RangerDrones are entitled to preburn any fire-propagating element in DangerZones on your property! 
Resistors get roasted - only you can prevent foobar fires! 
Ministry of Nature! 

zhz.. Need something? Anything? Trench-coat kiosk!
What do you got? Everything! 
We have it all! Snacks, drinks, medical procedures and drugs! Diacetyl! Beta-Caryophyllene! Myo-Inositol! All to go!
We can be so cheap, because we are everywhere without paying the investor occupation! Always near you! Always authentic! The OG Mum & PopUp-store! Trenchcoatkiosk - never order the hotdog!

We build Vendingmachine-PopUp-Malls, wherever there is a market.
So if you find a farmers-market nearby or just street vendors doing good business- Report it to us! We will swoop in and cut you in on the revenue.
Backstreet, invest-incest-ruins, slum, landfill - location does not matter! Auto-Mate - all your buisness belongs to us!

Hungry? Order a uSee-Ghostkitchen driveby!
Hands up, open wide, windows down, here comes the fried-ride.
Firing it all into your direction! Big Burritos!
Tremendous Kebaps! Conditments? 
Turnaround, tire-squeals and Bam! Ketchup! Bam! Mayo!
uSee- Drive-By. Real Fast food! 
Warning: Not eating any food may result in health decline!
-----------------------------------------------------------------

Angermanagement Issues?
The only way to get anywhere nowaydays, is to be threatening at a physical level. Which is why we made the SupportOutreachBat!
Show up at some customer service center with the bat for VIP treatment! 
Or have a fun game of baseball while waiting! With tmphatic trueisms speaker on every swing!
"We care deeply about our customers opinion-" well now you do!
"We love our customers-" if they would leave you alone that is!
"This hurts us more, than it hurts you but-" i bet it will!
Show up to play ball - with a Bat-Hit-Sane Armaments product

With real riches comes trouble with those multiple balls you have in the air! If you are having a harbour worth of relationships - why not try hAyrem by MadAtMe?
hAyrem can lossless manage your love-interests! Automatic excuses, lovebombing, "buddies" showing up for help in emergencies! 
All while you are stuck in other "faraway" fun! Alibi-affairs  so you dont have to explain STDs!
I'm so sorry honey - please dont leave me! BreakUps as a service! Merging relationships into Groupprojects! 
Automated recruiting of new love interests at very reasonable prices! DNA denying doubles for alimony hearings! 
hAyrem by MadAtMe- the agency for all your desires.

Its illegal to own a fire-arm in your localegal! But there is a loophole- you can add a majority-militia-trigger plus shot-camera! Making it a government issued device, only to be used in emergencies! Ask for our full catalog! Armata-Weapons! 
We arm for Self-defense since 2012! He who wants to be better safe then sorry, shall be neither!

Solar-Ponchos! Devices need constant energy! So who is in charge of charging! You are constantly- which is why we invented the solar poncho! You can get your Implants, your phone powered up, without docking to a skimmer-virus-riddled port in the shop! Power Up- Solarponchos! Now so efficient, you can charge up, just with city-light! 

BatteryChemistry has come a long way! But with great energy density, comes great runaway thermal explosiveness!
So we added safety features like shock absorbers - and the batterypack-bail-out ejector! So everytime your battery goes nova- we eject it! "Akkubar Blowout in 3..2..1" instead of internal combustion - at least while your outside. Customers who buy these products - continue to be customers! You should do to! Akkubar Batteries- Safeties first!

35 years ago, your city bought the wendelstein fusion-max powerplant to become energy independent from flimsy tech. Unfortunately your broke localegal is unable to pay the rising subscription for the tech. As a citizen, would you kindly pitch in to keep the infrastructure going? A small donation of half a million would keep things running for at least another year. Wendelstein - a Jonesing-Deer Energy product.