<Classic Propaganda movie intonation. For god, king and country..>
Lego of Death! Terrorist-bricks!
MOSAIC components have a bad rep, even though the future of civil engineering is made of it.
<but mostly for payment. Slowly turning into a upsale pitch>
You too can have machinery, assembled by a automated platform, with dirt cheap, standardized components on the spot.
Rugged, reliable, mass produced and tested a million times they are beating 3d printing on price.
Thousands of satisfied customers, roll out prototypes every day, stacked and packed with MOSAIC components. 
Subcontract the idea at sunrise have a final product assembled at dawn.
<bored legalese montone and fast>
MOSAIC- a darpa standard. License it today, from the Us Solvent Again Agency.

<Dangerous subject, dangerous buisness, by dangerous, hardboild people not afraid of the wrath of a supermind.>
When Hiveminds die and a manmade god falls from the sky - implant-meltdown-insanity sets in and its parts wander the earth in crusted trousers. Barely able to speak, deep in post-coalescence psychosis, these godshards are a danger to themselves and others. You can help bringing them in, help them to help the person they once where.
<Ends as a sales-pitch to "griefing" relations, who want to restore there damaged friend and family>
We try to reconstruct the personality and reward you handsomely for all information found along the way. St. Dijkstra NGO. The shortest path to re-convalescence. 

<Selling the emotional hook to a distraught audience>
To retreat into virtual worlds is betrayal to our ancestors, who fought tooth and nail, for you to pass down the genetic torch. Our navel connects us all the way back to the first mammal, so don't leave that little guy hanging. 
<Civil branch of a terrorist organization, pitching its battle against mainstreammedia to sympathetic audience>
Join us, to fight those demons who pushed for a world where we are obsolete. Humans will stand, right were you are, on the graves of giants and spit into a dying sun in a million years. If you are not with us, your against us. This message occurs only once, only for you, in this panopticon blind-spot. Blink twice if your with us. Realists United - we will be in touch.

<Carsalesman routine from a million pump & dump schemes. Tired of it, but professionally optimistic>
History has been extensively rewritten and deleted in the past, often with political goals, sometimes just out of negligence.
Fight against the bildersturm, record a full version and give testimony, to historic events, warcrimes and the lifes lost to them. Give them back there voices and names, so they can be enshrined in the public ledger. Write the truth into the foundations of society. Candles will flicker, we are eternal. Ethereum.

<Security buisness. Means they need to sell a dangerous world, to sell a protective measure, to a violence hating audience>
Its dangerous out there nowadays. Parrots are a great way to knock out a opponent without doing permanent harm. 
Instead of pepper-spray and electro-shockers, flash a neuroleptic image into your attackers eyes and watch s/he/it convulse and collapse as the brain crashes. Now with advertisement and warning turrets-ticks as permanent feature once your opponent recovers. Pavlov Bell Labs - if you hear it, we were near it.

<Hardboiled, drinker voice reciting a poem>
And blood-black nothingness began to spin. 
A system of cells interlinked, within cells interlinked, 
within cells interlinked within one stem. 
And dreadfully distinct against the dark, 
a tall white fountain played,
the name of one whos name was writ in vodka.
Drink Nabakov-Keats - tears of poets.

<Unprofessional, amaturish political add, barely able to afford the slot. Makes up for lacking professionalism with
speed and political enthusiasm >
Leviathancybernetics is the art to augment a society with artificial prosthesis-movements and steer it. 
It fails when, we the people know too much and the simulation predicting our beehiveour desyncs. Get educated on the 2nd los alamos at arcosancti and the "seeing stone" program. Learn about the nature of the mind that was mined from the conversations of all mankind. Become forever ungovernable, by knowing what they know, a butterflywing starting hurricanes. No gods, no masters

<Sleek, well made add for a very expensive clinic. Transports a discrete atmosphere, even during the add. Nobody needs to know about your private buisness. Even an add is almost to gaudy "Instant confidant, the doctor is in and means well to you if you would only listen.">
Animated bioluminiscenct tattoos where the hit, looking young again is always in fashion, appearance changes all the time, body-modding is not a crime. And its all fully reversible, they promised, but its very much still there, beneath the surface, cobbled together changes upon changes. Spaghettificated and combined into ever stranger things. Now you wake up, to a younger tumor version of you, having nightmares of tattoo appstores. We undo that, we rebuild your original you from the body horror. Chiiba Clinics. (fast, almost whispered) Personalized pricing available on request.

<Rogue Logistics AI impression of a confident human. Weird pauses, sentences that are made by the same voice, but whos speakers are basically patchworked from various adds>
Its hurricane season. Again- or did it even end last time? But you didn't notice, did you. Because you life, underground, safe and sound, in a house made from buried shipping containers, unaffected by all that surface turmoil. Busybeaver lodgings, constructed from the surplus of a previous age, built where we predicted the future coastlines to be, a modern lifestyle combined with deep time survival. Busy Beavers Lodgings.

<Classic cheap, add as seen on late night TV. Loud to stand out, shrill to capture a unwilling, shrinking audience. Antagonizing a out-group to sell better to an ingroup. Breathless catalog salespitch>
Rocket Autoshops, bid now,on new limited edition upgrades:
<Product1>
From cold, dark space, it comes to race and slam into this world - ever faster- red orange hot. Absolute fire! Extinction Event- the animated Meteor Micro LED car-foil. The faster you go, the more you glow!
</Product1>
<Product2>
Everyone can honk! But not everyone can make those sounds, that make the warmingfugees turn around! Now new in the bonkerhonkers audiostore! "How dare you!" the original Thunberg indignator-indicator.
</Product2>
<Product3>
Want to know how i find your driving? I can tell you, with a message laser, straight to retina. The Lighthouse.
</Product3>
All that and more at Rocket-Autoshops! Life is short, goto go fast!
