Marketing V22

RepoMan:
"Lyle, give it up! There is no way out for you, so stop taking your possesions hostage" - or we will take the shot! 
Repo-Man - we are hiring and our work is always in demand! Valuable goods, no longer valuable people cling to without rights and titles!
"Lyle, we can be reasonable about this, give up the truck and we let you keep the condo!" Repo-Man, if you got what it takes, to take what they got- Take the shot!

Buildings with people in it, attract way less people who could never afford them. Let-There-Be-Light, LED-Installations work hard to create the ilusion of occupancy, preventing your investment from getting devalued by having humans in it!
 Humans like thermites are horrible for buildings, they destroy the walls, there excretions ruin the floor and substance! Leaving furniture and toys everywhere! Protect yours investment now with - LetThereBeLight!

 Bureau-Crazy:
Sat Observations of the Ministry of Nature have determined that some of your cities backyards are suspiciously green. How green? Emerald green! uranium green! orchard green! just unbelievable green! Our AI has determined that this is a indicator, that you have grown unregistered agricultural products and could have recieved subsidies for unregistered agriculture. Pay the resulting fine by square-footage and any outstanding taxes in 30 days or be auctioned off. Lack of awareness and mixed signals - like green garbage bags or just painted ground are no excuses for outstanding taxes.


Tyrant-Talismans! They protect you from all the bad energies of this new world! Wear Ghadaffis toe to protect your freedom! Let Putins pinky protect your career against falls from great heights! Have a ring with hair from the ayatollahs beard in it! Buy a keychain vial of assads tears! They died for you during the warming wars they started, so your ancestors could survive and thrive! Tyrant Talismans! Buy them now at auction! Great reminders of greater hubris!

Wear diva clothing! Diva is that brand, going for maximum luxury and bling, in a world going to shit! Try our transparent wellington boots with the encased golden stilettos! Our transparent raincoats, with the built in lightshow, highlighting all your best parts! 
Transparent leggins, in the gothic church window optics, with angels at your crotch! Now capable to be skintight by sucking up to you with every step. Everything washable, everything self-cleaning! Diabolic! Divine! Diva! Fashion to make a scene in!


The homeless used to be easy to see and detect! Dirt and smell gave them away! But nowadays, the homeless are sharp-dressed, have a trolly and all shizo-babble goes into headsets! Invisible Hand, Buy, Sell and Shrimps! Bug' m i right! Harassing rough sleepers was never harder! Singa-Pure cameras - filters them out of the crowd! Then out of sight, out of mind. Singa-Pure happy city without critizens!

Singa-Pure! A working city, needs clean streets, no litter, well behaved humans. Cant expect that from the masses nowadays. So you goto enforce that in privatized streets with harsh fines and jail times! Singa-Pure Cameras help you by identifying citizens, detecting loitering and littering and handing out fines and jail-times! Singa-Pure! Happy city without critizens!

Its Monsoon season soon! Are you prepared! Your house waterproof or at least fungi-proof? If its neither- try Denial! Denial - the pill - is that stop-gap solution ending all confusion! How does it work? Ist just never gonna happen! Its that easy! Denial helps you to march on, come rain, come storm! Denial, is that product helping you stay self-confident when the world is out to get you! Try denial today! Pfizerpharm- do no harm!


Dreams! Dreams are pure poison! The digestion juices injected by exploitive industries into the young and naive! Help them go through it faster!  You can be a famous model, musician, actress, influenza, designer - just sign here! I see big things in you! 
Our expert teams, help your youngster get disillusioned on the fasttrack! A lifetime of lessons condensed into half a year! All money spend circles back to you. Now also with many other lessons. Drugs, cults and rock n toll - jaded with 21 or your money back! Rumspringa Incoporated!
Now also for the old and foolish! Scams, gambling and great investments! Bring out your dad!
