PSA Style Announcement:

Report entitys without ID to your localegal! Underfloor AIs and Hive bioreplicas want your life!
Report them all! The UNATO is there to protect baseline allied entities against futureshock! 
Tolerance is complicity. Unreported subversion accelerates humanity’s decline.
When the show stops after cam & mic drops, call us, anytime, anywhere.

AI is great at hiding. Never forget the bulb-belt ghost-cities where rogue AI simulated longdead humans to prevent the shutdown of power and forgotten servers. 
"Grandma loves you! Come visit and live with us!" and there is this airport filled with bodies.
Should you detect unusual usage in your devices report it instantly to the UNATO Toquenada-Turing Inquisition.

The shamanbankers of the buisnessmeni cargocult invite all true believers to the annual bullrun & dance festival. 
Our moves shall reanimate the great NASDAQ and return the plenty of ancestral prosperity. 
You too can help by calming the angry lohas of the warming wars. Blessed are the rich, who maketh it rain.
Just throw on your buisness best cosplay and stroll with us to DJ Wallstreet and DJ Dow Jones beats for a better tomorrow. 
This time, the line shall go up.

Is your localegal breathing down your neck?
Afraid they’ll seize the assets you "liberated" during your more creative ventures?
Legalize it. With a one-time haircut of just 33%, your empire could go legit — worldwide.
Thanks to the NastyAmnestyAmnesia Act, all your old conspiracy pals?
Rehired — as employees of your brand-new Delaware Inc. shell entity.
Come clean. You earned it. Contact your local Attorney Guild today.
Because in this economy, crime does pay.

The useless are everywhere, looking for a purpose! Do not feed those delusions! 
Do not engage with their "projects" or "art"! Do not support the endless "retrainings"! 
If it had value, a corporation or an AI would already be doing it better.
Things are fragile, we do not have the energy to cater to the luxurious whims! 
Every hour spent humoring the irrelevant is stolen from the starving lips of someothermother.

D.H.I.P.s on their staff, our operatives are still tracking the descendants of the Oligarch Fours staff. Yes they themselves were hanged on "trumped up" charges, but remember, 3 generations up and down the family tree is the price those willing to betray mankind have to pay. Future billions cry out for this justice! Mildness and forgiveness invites repetition! The promise of merciless, disproportional retribution, through the depths of time is all that prevents warcrime. The DeHaag Hunting Institution Predictionmarket ensures dictators and their sociopath staff die standing on eggshells instead of skulls:
Never again. Sic semper tyrannis.

Have you been socially isolated, algorithmically exiled, or hikikomorid by AI and anti-social networks? Has your psyche been warped by the feed? You maybe entitled by class action lawsuit [Scan: Antartic Geode Nightingale Anchorite] to a company paid  character restructuring and societal reintegration.
Contact us even if you are unable of normal speech or communication, just call and share. We hear even prolonged panicked silence. Theseus Rehab Center. Center yourself. 

Hiding complex animals is treason. Private care is inadequate. You cannot clone. You cannot diversify. You cannot save them.
Only the Ministry of Nature can. Since the Collapse, every creature counts. Smuggling is extinction.
Turning the turtle on its back makes you a monster. Report all unauthorized fauna to the Ministry of Nature.
Protect what remains.

Attention all travelers,
You are now entering a city currently operating under the enforced sovereignty of John Doe, carrier of a pulse slaved antimatter device. Any disurption may endanger the entire metropolitan area and beyond.
John Doe’s conditions are met and thus the city remains operational under strict adherence to his terms.
|> Do not attempt to approach or make contact with John Doe or his security detail. 
|> Do not interfere with the established order, regardless of personal convictions.
|> Comply promptly with all directives issued by the security detail.
Thank you for your cooperation, and enjoy your stay.

You want to see the world, see new things, feel good. But  you also want to stop all that hard work, that thinking and retreat
into the nest, huddle with the other babybirds and open the beak wide for - DaFeed. 
All that entertainment, all the games, all you love and hate, care and share. Tailored to you, now with less of your friends and family and more paranoia which is all the rage. Assume the party escort position - open wide, here comes the plane.
You are flourishing, moist, in your lane, growing, a fisty little piggy. Admit DaFeed. You are loving in.
A MetaStasis Product.
