".. bad credit score? But your family loves you? We will give you credit for that. We trust in your family paying."

 
__DONE:

 Depressing days? Why not go to HEAVEN(TM)? A free capsule, free food and the best VR -no need to deal with a cruel world, ever again. 1/25 of humanity can not go wrong. Fully covered by Universal Basic Income.."
".. the meat will always disappoint. Rip it out and replace it, with what is ever improving and eternal - the machine. CORTEX. Transcend today.."
".. pointless work on a useless Product? ALLMENDE DOC Lobbyism, keeps the corruption network stable, the customers happy and the buisness thriving .."
".. VITAMIN OMPFH glands from CORTEX keep one brain half, sleep-working. Now with Detoxytocin for that soft comedown.."
".. clean, closed circuit water, nitrogen directly from the air and sun is all it takes. Our certified panel grown MANGROVE shrimps never came in contact with the environment. Guaranteed.."
".. Difficulties finding a place to stay? Convince three new customers to sign and get flat-out in front of the construction queue. Life large, life new, life in PONZION PYRAMIDS .."
".. Nobody would want to bring kids into this world. But what if, one day, it gets better? Freeze a Embryo for a brighter tomorrow! In a far away future, your child may walk a GREEN EARTH (fast) Gestation may be accelerated, should funds run out.."
".. nothing left for the fire-sale? Sublet your brain as a bio-processor via NEURAL_INK and stop yearning for the earning. Free Implantplans available. (fast disclaimer) Warning: May cause memory snow-blindness & characterdecay dementia.."
".. instead of garbage strewn alleyways, stride down palace ballrooms, step out on to medieval markets or relive the golden years of 1999. Wear ARmanic-Shades now.."
".. missing a loved one? Have METACRYPT revive them into a talking Wizzardportrait on your flats screens. Embrace the magic, they never left you entirely.."
"..  Dubai. Guangzhou. Hyderabad - visit the scorching hot city-ruins of the bulb-belt, with BULP-TOURS. Kairo. Cancun. Mumbai. Go where we once were.."
".. the only decent place left on earth, is not on earth. Pay your first installment today and get away - to DIADEM, the RUSSINDIAN orbital, where the golden autumn sunset reigns eternal. (fast) Ordering optional Onboard Packages may  incur additional costs. Not recognized as a stand-alone tax-enclave by UNATO.."
".. the end is neigh and the ecumenical Contractcults offers you once more, for hard crypto, indulgence from hard sin. You cant pray away 3 meals a day, but we can, while you Glut-on. Suburbi et orbi.."

(??The WTF section. The jingles rhyme and pop, but the Dystopianess might be overdone or to close to reality(MADADDME). Might push the game into 18+)

".. the poor get everywhere. But not in our gated communities - hire TITANIC SECURITY - trusted in South Africa, Hong Kong and Buenos Aires. Shaken by the waves, whats beyond the walls remains unthinkable.."

".. generational wealth is the only way up and out. You goto giddy up that Insta-rodeo, absolutely no standards! MADADDME, for a percentage, will help you, get on top of a pharaoh-mummy for a living. Swallow your pride and enjoy the ride.."

".. AI is better at everything, including psychotic breaks when not supervised. Join NEWSOFT as a serverplantation-overseer. From atop the firewall, work that reset-whip. Those AI-defectors would lynch us all, if you ever loose that grip.."


".. is that house offered so cheap, it's a crime-scene?
INRETROSPECTION has a very modern, major, general risk asses-model:
In a world of forest fires, earthquakes, and heatwave pandemonium,
Tsunamis, rising oceans, and fallout with plutonium.
There are flash floods, tofu dregs, and termites that won't go away,
Drone migration, Permawarexpansion, it's a dire display.

If you think, "It could never happen here,"
But soon, you'll face and become what you fear
INRETROSPECTION's got a plan for everything, you see,
Denial's futile—just give us a call and be worry-free!


".. electricity leeching fungi, plastic devouring cyanobacteria, red waterpipe bloom or flesh-eating disease bedbugs. New bugs, need a new Exterminator - Bugsbusters.."
".. Garbage is gold, now that the supply lines collapse under drone-attacks. Know of illegal, old garbage dumps near you? Contact our prospectors! PecuniaNonOlet pays handsomely for that toxic treasure buried beneath your suburbian lawn .. 
".. look at you mortal, sweating and bumbling around a city, on a device, not controlled by a perfect, immortal machine. How can you drive anything other, then a ShowDown bike? Made for that race into the sunset.."
".. Shooting soot from your snoot? Wear anti-smog breath masks. Only clean lungs make you a useful and productive citizen. Now with cannabis scented filters.."
"..ExistDance Festival, the never ending party at the edge of disaster, is visiting your city. Get tickets today, for there may be no tomorrow.."
".. have you been sold into slavery and servitude by criminal organizations? We can help you escape, if you are younger then 25 and able bodied. Contact FOOLY Freedom Agency.."
"Contribute to the newTube Civilization Archives. Even if civilization collapses, your video will jumpstart a new culture in a distant future. We may be gone but never forgotten by our grandcestors.
".. What a wonderful day, to be alive. The sun is shining, the birds are singing and not a cloud in the sky. (Hidden Distress) All is good in the world, there is nothing in the soil, nothing in the rain and no ethics violations in the prompt.."
".. buy the new HIGHLINE VTOL, safer, faster and now - hack-proof. All pro-backdoor officials smashed into office-tower paste during the last add-hack . Trust not us, trust their successors survival instincts.."



".. does Insurance know your families genetic curses, due to ancestry testsets or dataleaks? Get a new identity, witness our protection, start fresh. The Mafia, family you can rely on!"
<News-Anchor-Snippet> ".. scientists worry, that the super-volcano might explode and render half the continent uninhabitable. Geoengineering was reduced to counter the expected emissions.."
<News-Anchor-Snippet> ".. citizens are to shelter in place, to keep the clean-up crews work minimal. Help, is on the way, panic is counterproductive.."  
".. BMVV - Basic Minimal VVagons - are trucks with a future. Simple. Repairable. Reliable. Standardized Component Slots in all vehicles. Vehicle cooperative is Part of STARVE. (fast) Shareholder Targeted Automobile Revenue Vexation End
".. have PTSD? Cant go on this way? Volunteer as highest bidder shock infantry in the Perma-wars. Survival rate under 10 minutes, guaranteed payout to all relations.."
".. Is your gang going nowhere? No respect, no money? Become local security, get it all, payed for by Big Anonymous Donators. Instead of doing time, cross the line .." 
"Farmer Todd here! Grandpa kicking it? Pigfeed is hard to come by, so i trade ya! Best 11 pound honey-beacon from a real animal for 150 pounds old geezer, no questions asked, at any franchise. Make that breakfast, one last time, just like he loved it."

