Elk, Bison and Mamoth are gone, but the biggest game of all still roams. Join our safari to hunt anti-socials. Hiding in remote bunkers for years ex-billionaires and cultist preppers are a renewable, environment-friendly game. Hunting them is great sport for the whole family. A experience brought to you by: Societas Maximus Arma Incorporated!
Now with tax-free taxidermy free for a fireplace piece in every package.

Addiction, Neurosis and genetic heritage used to mean endless wallowing in the diggestive juices of hyperindividualist society. Today we just replace parts of your personality instantly. Theseus Recenter Rehab switches your problemparts with highly functional personalitytransplants from well adjusted people. Now accepting courtvouchers for involuntary therapy. Twitching, howling and screaming towards a better you. Center yourself!
[Fast] Any socialskills patched with 1.1 or above, entitle you to a free replacement any time, any clinic. Call us, its urge gent.

Stalking is taxing, time-consuming and tiresome. Why not pay us money and our company does it for you? We stalk for large cooperations. Who exactly? None of your business and that is our business. We get you that bathwater, that frozen turd, her hair or his sock - without getting you in trouble. We steal those panties, fresh - out of the laundromat basket, no questions asked, you sick freak. 
Temp O' Rary Passion Private Eyes
 
Everything falling apart at home? Why not glue it back together - with synthetic fear? You can have strangers circle your home like wolfs, a lovecraftian newsmedia and a close-nit wagonfort community. We create that horror ambiance, that ducttapes your dysfunctional social unit together for one more day. 
BeeHive OurAll Social Engineering - so good, we can truemanshow our longest running couple for ten years as #BunkerBertAndBertha on ZedFlix

A city is a challenging environment - and breeds only the smartest, big-eyed ever cuter critters. And now they are out there, roaming the backyards, quoting shakespeerpressure while selling drugs and hugs. Bugs Busters exterminates feral everpuppies, hellnokitties, pygmypandas, pzombie-babies, furryfoxes, turing-thermites and replicantcrows. No Ooohs or awws, just screams and a return of peace and quiet. 
Bugs Busters

We all remember that one time, you got food poisoning, because they used gutter-oil in your favorite take-out. And its all fake, the recommendations, the social-network, the potemkin ghost-kitchen companies - they all sell out till you see five stars scratchmarks in some backyard privy. Never again with Cup-bearers International. We check out restaurants and products ahead of time, personally, with video proof of consumption and spectro-meter-labdata. Eat fresh or else.. somebody eats it.
Cup-bearers International - a Mafia subsidiary

Lost family to the chaos of todays world? Dont know were your brother, sister, dad or mum ended up?  We find out, we dig, bring closure. We reconnect the living and avenge the dead. We dive for that childhood home lost to the rising sea. If sold into slavery, we extract or at least help you get a fair share.
Pinkerton Private Eyes.

Need company, for any moment in life? Funeral, Giving Birth, Wedding, Sexorgy? We offer high functional companions, lovely people who fit into every ocassion, filling up that akward social abyss in your existence. Play pretend you are normal, for a low price. Show up with a pornstar to prom, hire a funatic for a funeral or rent a crowd for your coming out as hikkikomori.
Rent-a-life - the people leasers.

Has cancer eaten away at your digestive tract, but you still crave that juice which unraveled your insides? Here at Enemine - we prepare enemas, to give you back that thrill, long after the Doc has written you off as a terminal hospice case. Ever since our merger with juicero in brand new fruity flavors: carrot, banana and eggplant. A sun downer toast to any tissue that can still absorb. Cheers- Enemine.
Now with free dispenser plug to every last order.

Anything you own is of value to somebody. Have a car? Share it with friends. Have a bed? Use it during the 16h awake to make rent. Going out- what is your flat but a box to sublet paying for the party? Your coffee is to go, so why not your cloths? And when you sleep at night, why not lease out your body? Nothing like waking up relaxed too cold, hard, cash - for choosing that sweet, zero-friction, just-in time lifestyle. 
2HareBnB or not to 2HareBnb. We are already there.

Shitter clogged, waterfilter bogged, neighbor throws shade on your solar? St. Hardtime Janitorials, neurally restructured excons, reroutes plumbing problems away from your pod to the lowest bidder in the podhive below. Let that be a leason, to that streetkitchen frying synthosalmon downstairs. Hell are other people and with us you can be the biggest devil there is. For good plumbing, choose St. Hardtime.

Sugar & Speed. Alcohol. Fat & Fenta. All things good, come in fives, so we bundled them into a munchlicous energy-bar. Five horseman has that boom-bomb-boost, that keeps you coming back for more. The power, that feeling, that leaves you reeling on the ceeiling. All the others, they want to put you behind bars, because your ultra-endurance energy is to intense. To hell with the doubters, we are never coming down. You need that freedom, that only the streets provide. Get High, five Horsemen.

Doctors are rare, expensive and  your legs are rotting now! Already feel the maggots and sepsis in your system? Buy trIAges new -AI-Medkit. Nano Tourniquett out of the box, it will diagnose necrotic tissue, slicing and cauterizing what you should have taken serious weeks ago. Making those hard decisions that come with a hard lifestyle. We go from bad news in an alley, to parts off behind a dumpster in under 5 seconds. You go from deadman walking it off back to grumpy stumpy. A Triage product.

The splinternet down again? Crave that series, need that game? Why not use the GrandReserve-Emulator. AI breaks open your entertainment and continues to streams that sweet content made-up on the spot, better then the original, not a flicker, with seemless Merge on Connection return. Strictly forbidden by all economic regulators, because thats how the sausage is made in the first place. GrandReserve gives you endless entertainment - forever for free. Rated Pi for irrationality.

Cartel drones gunning it out, Mogadishu style in your block and no police left standing? What you need is - more cannonfood in those streets that soaks up that damage, so you can walk away. Dangerzone the social app, will see to that, sending the other social network muppets in waves ahead to test the waters. Win at life, win at game theory. Become the last mand standing, the all-defector. A meta-mentality product.

Hate that bitch and her whole wacko familyclan with a passion? Want them gone for good? Use the VennData Service, our military-grade socialegineering Mach AI velli. VennData, will insert itself into the social graph and start a complete society meltdown. Vengance and honor killings! Paranoia - due to deepest secrets exposed! Social outcasts serving sui Cidere! Every instinct follows accelerates the nightmare, while small scale civil war imolates the comunity. Used succesfully in China, Honduras, Syria, Russia, Miami seasted and Libya.
Brought to you by the Central Intelligence Agency Administration and Palantir.

