Drink Packed-Joy! The breakfast of champions.
Its made from yesterdays leftovers and thus contains all the nutrients of a full meal.
Just like mums stew, what goes back to the kitchen, comes around, nothing ever gets completely thrown away.
Radical sterilized against bio-hazards! Rich in nutrients!
Now in the flavors pancake, moccachino, caramel, chili and beacon.
Economical, enviromentfriendly breakfast in a cup! Drink Packed-Joy! 

Adamant - Panic-Rooms once where something to flee towards from a hostile world!
But not today- today, the panic-room is your world. Connecting to other panic rooms,
it offers parks, pools, recreation, provides its own power, air and food.
Buried beneath the ruins, blossom the roots of a new, better city.
Buy a bamboo edition Panic-room today. Adamant!

Some localegal still hold-on to democratic rituals and that is problematic for you! 
Because you have all the money, but just one voice! That just ain't fair! 
Any village-idiot-crowd that is loud can shut you out? 
Hire Shepards-Rod-Analytics - we invest a part of your money, into the most fringe, extreme outliars of that group. 
Though you walk through the valley of idiots, you fear not, once the madness takes hold,
the center will fold and the cause get old fast. Become the oil-money on the seized gears of democracy!
Ah, piece, quiet and the voice of reason. In Rod we thrust!

aI-Willz-it is the will i would choose, to carry on my legacy, distributing assets and investing ever onwards.
Carrying on with my goals, independent of me, in life and death to infinity and beyond. 
A legal-entity of Neo-Neo-Guinea - it can pursuit your dreams tax-free,
long after you perished and eternally guard those you left behind.
aI-Willz-it, he said, long after that heart stopped hammering.

Most states are fully virtual now. That bureaucrat you write for a license- is just blinking lights on a server! So if you file a tax-form and there is nobody there to hear you curse, does it make a sound?
Or should you just let a machine do the whole bureaucracy for you! 
Try kAIren! Build to fight for your rights, this is her final form. 
Two blinking serverfarm-lights, they want to be together, to leave you the fuck alone!
ShareOn is kAIreOn - so 20 % off your subscription if you recommend us! 

Global warming is why we cant have Ice-Things! Even up here in new majority tailored greenland! 
Now - with the orbital tinfoil-mirror installed, we have sunlight day & night the year round, like any other country! 
So what are you waiting for, why not invest into a villapartmentblock, up high in the north! 
We even pixeled out a glacier, so you can enjoy some of the last natural ski-resorts on earth! Invest now!

Go off-grid with asteroids on steroids, your future is out there!
Shrink-wrap them, install a hatch and grow your own little, weightless empire inside.
Thanks to revolutionary RNA-treatments you will no longer become a boneless tube-man that could not stand moon gravity. No, Sir, thanks to EscuLabs new SkyJack treatments you can walk it off in a park, even after 10 years on a radiation rich asteroid, not a tumor tendril dangling. Now with artificial asperger options, to make adaption to the routine - easier. Contract is binding! Return only on investment & interest recuperation! Resulting ENA incompatible with baselines! EscuLabs 

Get the 1 Billion dollar Hyper-Cholatty-Mock-A-Latte-Chino now - at seastars!
Pre-Order- and you get to run it down the oldway like in the oldday. 
Hurling down a crowded street with a wheelbarrow full of cash towards the seastar with the last Hyper-Chino on the planet.
And there it waits for you, the drink made with milk from a million-mamas,
flaked gold and platin on top, real chocolate, dug up just for you, for that moment.
Be the one everyone on the planet envies. Order now - at seastars!
Promotion: No us-dollars - only hard crypto-currencies accepted! Supply limited!

You can say a lot about suicidal maniacs and madman! But you can't say they weren't honest.
We all have to eat closed loop greenhouse food, because our ancestors wouldn't listen. 
Reality was what you wanted it to be, ground-truth in your face be damned. And why couldn't it be? 
There was enough of everything, so that incompatible truths could be surplus bribed to coexist peacefully forever.
They doubled down - and we get to hear that bets half-life double up on the Geiger every shopping trip. 
The panopticon is not some foreign power, some invader out to subjugate you. Not the state nor some AI listening in.
The panopticon is you, needs you - to listen. 
To really listen to the madman, take them serious when they give the game away.
We have teams for that sort of madness now, if detected early. 
The panopticon is nothing without your vigilance.

Its so damn hot outside, and yet you want to be outside, but you also want to be modest. 
And that hijab kills in that midday sun! 
No more! Now a akku-pack and a small, silent van blow fresh air through your cover, 
keeping you cool. And for a little extra it enhances your shape with airblown features.
Some more extra and it does a sexy air driven belly-dance. Rock the Kasbah!
Stay hot, while staying cool at the same time! AC-through product!

Throwing away the dead, is economic nonsense, we are a great source for proteins, fats and keratin.
A ton of medical products, cosmetics and other daily used goods - can be made from humans.
Many of us reject that - for respectable religious reasons. 
Which is why we got 69 certified automated religions rituals to leave the body guaranteed 100% soulless.
It could all go the long way around a biobox, aeons of decay, plant-nutrients and then food.
Or you go full recycle and your relatives taxfree toast to you becoming soap, aroma-candles or lipstick. 
Tyler Burden Recycling.

We have virtual models of human biochemistry now- but people do not trust virtually tested products.
Which is why we still search for people who volunteer for controlled medical experiments.
Check in on time, get some mysterious injection, survive a 6 hour erection,
and we give you cold hard cash on top. Beats boiling trash to oil in some landfill - and you get a free medical checkup. 
UniqueHorny oldtimer restorations - you should get tested.

"Today's weather is overcast with a 50% chance of rain, while radiation particle levels remain low.
No low-pressure zone with Sahara-dust is expected for another week. Residual particles may still linger on surfaces but were largely bound by yesterday’s rainfall. A filter mask is as always advised.
And yes, the dandelions are in full bloom—send us your best shots of the golden fields!
This month’s top photo wins a trip to Greenland."

"Worried about lingering particles?
Slip into AERO-THREAD™—clothing that uses electrostatic charged fabric to push dust and fallout away.
No sprays, no coatings—just clean, smart design.
Stay safe, stay sharp.
AERO-THREAD™. Clean by Design."

Cameras saw you yesterday critizen, near the demonstration to socialize the bread factory. And it felt right, it felt good, like back in the day - didn't it? Screw scrooge, everyone gets a screw and world-hunger solved!
But remember how it always ends! And you need those products, that bread, that insulin, those batteries to hear this reminder. You are a grown up prosthesis-god now! Steer the younger you out of trouble. 
DePuddy - the app helps you to organize with other adults to detect and combat juvenile extremism! 
Camera on and welcome to the force! DePuddy - distributed low-cost self-policing.