<slight Russian accent. Used to speak in confined, padded spaces, thus automatically goes quieter as sentences progress.Goes loud because he is reminded by the teleprompter he reads it from at the start of sentence>
You cant do that here! You can only do that in the diamond in the sky, Diadem! The orbital where humanity still has a future and fun! Buy in, come up, gamble big and win bigger. Enjoy the sights or fuck the sights, do what you want, its nobodys business whats your business! You are free and this is your palace in the sky!
A luna anonymous company Registry Nr. 75-7166! All inhabitants are legally owned by Mare Infinity Inc while staying!
Ask your legal entities foreign relations department, whether a temporary ownership switch is legal for you!

<Scary topic, but routine with fear withered it all away over time. Now its just preventing the world going down the ratchet to ever worser circumstances. TV-Channel news fear mongering routine>
Anti-Matter! There are still cities on this planet, that are permanently held hostage by individuals with AM devices.
Be on the constant lookout for overconfident behavior with gaudy jewelry! Individuals and companies who need lots of energy! Lookout for those acquiring the building materials for an anti-chamber. Solar cells but no storage?
Vacuum pumps or large amounts of supra-conductors? Molon labe attitude? Report it all, always, confidentially to Interpol!
Call anytime, anywhere: 666. Better safe, then sorry. Better now then never. Better to be careful, then to not be.

<Pharma Company aka Dealer. Smooth operator, clearly values the work he puts into marketing. >
Syringes leave scars and scare your loved ones! Dermal patches are colorful, cute - wonky even and get more across the skin-blood barrier then slamming that pink dragon morphine-porcupine! Now with funny animal or trainspotting motives! If delivered in proper packaging, anything can look like medicine! Here at "EAT-Sleep-Crave-repeat" Inc - we make miracles happen! Get rewarded with free extra dermals if you order the lifelong subscription. Choose a substance! Choose a dermal patch! Choose Life! Chose Eat-Sleep-Crave-Repeat!
Ask your doctor if dermal patches are right for you! 

<Classic mafia shakedown, via dysfunctional vital service. Cant help it sounding slightly threatening.>
Is Garbage piling up above your living place into a Mount Neverrest? We move it downstream, to people lower in the monetary food-chain then you. Out of sight, out of mind. Order now, you already know, the longer you wait, the more expensive its gonna get. People pile on, it piles up, rain, fire, structural collapse, the whole shebang. And when the first domino gives, the asshole-avalanche comes downtown into your living room, choom.
We work for the highest, earliest bidder, who wants it all parked near you. But the fire-brigades?! Wont come, when its all on the verge of collapse. Urban Decay Disposal a Scavenger Syndicate subsidiary a Detritus Disposal subsidiary a Forsaken Filth subsidiary a Urban Decay Disposal subsidiary.

<Selling a temporary solution to the desperate - and allowing the better off, to profit from the misery of the decay>
Orgyporgy? Deviant beehaviour? Drugs, Sex, Rocks and RickRolls? Garbage on the sheets and withdrawal in the streets?
Feel the Panopticon judging you and lowering your credit-scores with companies as we speak? Afraid to become memefied as crashtrash? That creditscore is paying for your lifestyle of boom and bust right now? NormaLies fixes that, by having suit and tie normal society coming over and rubbing corpo shine off on you. Expensive dresses and  cars at the crack house cocktail party and the HOA horror subsides. Brand new day, brand new you. NormaLies a BetAlpha venture a Pardue subsidary.

<Dialect chameleon, changing it up constantly from southern drawl, to slight arabic inflection, keeping the listener guessing>
We all know someone who mistakes economic historic circumstances for societal achievements once memory filtered it into GOOD TIMES. And those GOOD TIMES will return, if you re-enact that past. GOOD TIMES inc runs enclaves around the world, where the Pasttards can romp and play, safely encapsulate away from present reality and each others as long as the funds last. Little golden Caliphate does not bother Little golden South Africa, even though they are right next to each other. Try the GOOD TIMES viking enclave in stockholm. Or use the ARmanic Plugin, just download and let the GOOD TIMES roll- now with a social deescalation service, when grandpa yells at the cloud. GOOD TIMES - you got too keep them separated.

<Old, unemployed fisherman, doing a advertisement and proud to have work again with the company. Amateur when it comes
to speaking, making mistakes>
Arr, listen up landlubber. In the bulb-belt border, where the ocean is stagnant and dead, there is a crust drifting on top, of all that once thrived below. Protein rich, its slowly ferments in the sun, becoming the last, best and thus expensive fish sauce on the planet. We filter it, purify it, serve it. That golden liquor, with that final unami flavor - GARUM - the sauce. Taste nature, taste sea - you want the original GARUM Inc. Try also our protein bars and cosmetics!
We are hiring: Harvesting robot overseers and Defense drone pilots! Templar affiliated need not apply!

<Sleezy carsalesmen vibe, this shop will be gone tomorrow, the lifestyle it sells will leave behind damage for the foreseeable future>
Free energy & water in your rental contract? Consider the opportunities! Open a shrimp farm in your rental unit! Mine Crypto till the walls melt! Start a on demand micro-factory! All you have to do, is blind the cameras like your noone.
Use the opportunities the UBI gives you, to start a dynasty! If you manage to put yourself in a hibernation coma- to lower expenses, you could be rich, up and out in 10 years. Buy the course, buy the plane from the Global Revenue Initiative For Terrific Endeavors Renowned Incorporated.

<The Irony is not lost on this ronin, but he is still running with it. Transducer business model lifes from selling ever faster out to customers and cooperations alike, in ever faster changing intervals>
Advertisement Holos driving you up the wall? Have enough of staring at that light-painted ass all day? Buy and install artificial windows! We simulate any environment, anywhere. Forget that you are in a city in bumfuck nowhere! If you open our window, the world is green, it smells of forests and you can hear the birds! This add, right here, if you had our windows, you wouldn't even hear this crap! Order now, if you want to show your add, in the special-Shakedown-Adds-Program in every of our non-premium windows. 
But the Premium Window subscription and go even more add-less for now. 
ToTheWindowToTheWall Inc. Make the world beautiful again!

