[Mattress commercial, sleepy comfort vibes - while getting everyone excited and unhappy with the mattress at home]
Piston beds- the all sensor, all actuator beds, that distributes your weight perfectly over the whole body surface now have culminated in - the Wave. Like floating over a field of flowers - you will rest on - the Wave. 
Now with wind ripple massage, parents-arms and ocean mode. Rocking and rolling you to sleep like a ship in harbor. 
Now supporting multiple persons with "the comfort crater" - rolling back into the bed center forever. 
The wave from Sisyphus beds - one has to imagine them happy!

[Steven Jobs got to work his cult magic as evangelist at a furniture store]
Never Unpack! Cubist furniture delivers those waterproof, well sorted, self-sorting boxes, that allow you to never really arrive! You just pile up those interlocking boxes into new furniture and voila, home is - where the herd is. 
Stackable, self-driving and reconfigurating, your desk is your bed is your kitchencounter is your sofa. 
All it is- in the end, is boxes, with a different surface, slant and cushions. 
We now also sell the biggest box of all, capsule-flats ready to mount anywhere with a standard.
Cubism is the furniture of the future! Furniture that self-updates and adapts to your needs wherever you go. 
Get sorted out - become Cubist.

[Sleezy Late Nights commercial vibes]
Cant keep up with her demands? Need a upgrade with Double D? Try the jackhammer implant! 
Return your limb trouser-snake to the tool it used to be. You goto keep up with the Jones Johnson. She demands it!
Is he relentless? You cant take it any more? Get the flashlight implant with built in dampeners! Get some sleep while he is stuck in intercourse traffic! Cortex - implants since 2028.

[Sleezy Late Night commercial vibes]
To timid to defend yourself? The streets to dangerous? Get accompanied by strong protectors where ever you go!
We provide protection - against getting harassed, robbed, kidnapped and worse. 
When all you got left as business proposition, is protection from yourself. Incelebrated Incooperated! 
Its a dog eats dog world out there! Hire the biggest dog there is, because of the implications!
Incelebrated Incooperated!

[Cheesy tool-store commercial vibes]
Toilet clogged? Buy and apply - the Knorkenator! 
Developed to detonate abandoned luggage at airports - it is capable to unclog every blockade explosively fast! 
Fat-icebergs, rock solid turds, illegal recycle drones, flushed down bioreplicas- it all goes down in a hurry and a slurry!
Just plug it over the porcelain disaster area! Punch the button!
And arr old faithful, tarr the porcelain-white whale blows, out through every horrific orifice but yours and is now a downstairs affairs!
Knorkenator - a OtherPeoplesProblem product!

[Fairytale style story-reading]
Remember when you could leave your house door open and the car unlocked? 
A High thrust society is hard indoctrination at work! 
You go to tell all the fairy tales! The good go to heaven, the bad get tortured in the end, i promise! 
The intrinsic justice system beliefs have to be hammered in! Nobody is watching, but you got to do the right thing! 
Which is why you have to start early! Brother Grimmms kindergardens! Dark forrest pedagogics for a working, livable society! 
All our alumni went on to do great things - and pay it forward, to keep Nietzsche spit-roasting wherever he is.
Brother Grimm kindergardens!

[DougDans is dangerously close pronounciation wise to drugdens for a reason. Otherwise private school comercial]
Think private schools are just more expensive drug problems wrapped into better privacy? 
Think again, these names command respect! It is a solid investment into your kids future! All of them bored certified, with golden star stickers from other private schools! DougDans Excellence Academy - adequate, solid, sedated! 
Thanks to hypno schooling, even the most unwilling will learn while stuck in the supervised sleeper wagon. 
Then before graduation, its right to our inhouse Rehab - and out walks a well connected, little over-adjuster with the inability to escape cooperate structures. Like his father before him he went too DougDans Excellence Academy! 
Enjoy the good stuff - with world classy private education! DougDans!

[Overdramatic and hamed. Theater level perfomance for a product that is honestly boring.]
They just don't deliver to your door anymore in your block! Walking all the way downstairs- or even outside - for some snacks or a parcel! What a hassle! This is why - we invented the DeliveryRoy-Elevator. 
It brings you your parcels, snacks, hot pizza or cold drinks and takes out your garbage, all from one window to the streets.
Get yourself some roses delivered to the balcony! So Roymantic! One install for all on the outside of the building!
No need to leave the house ever again. Its Roy-4-all, let them eat cake! 
This machine never stops - Delivery-Roy-elevators.

[Overhyped and bubbly! The Game names are obviously taken in another take with a different mood or speaker entirely!]
1 Up Arcadia - Its all fun and games! 
Until you can go all in, invest sweat, blood and tears into your game! 
Ever been cheered on in the arena, while risking a finger yakzua style in Downtown Shootout 3? What a rush!
Try the all new games! Antagonavengers 2! Try and Terror 5! Gamble Donkey!
Are you not entertained? Now at Circus Maximus, in the Quarter and near every DoubleOrNothing.
1 Up Arcadia - Its all fun and games!

[Serious and stern. Implying that its okay to take advantage  of whoever is foolish enough to pay for a AI-Pocketuniverse.]
AI was supposed to detach the economy form the desert of the real! AI works to buy stuff AI promotes and AI makes! No human where involved during the making of this infinite growing economy! Line goes up forever! 
Humans ruin everything, they eat, complain and die, in all the wrong places! They put real market pressure to outstanding perform on the models and that is what AI just couldn't do!
We here at Ouroboros hunt for AI-PocketUniverses on the dead internet - to provide your company with almost free computationpower and energy! Ouroboros Incooperated! Make the best of whats left of the pasts foolish futures!

[Pseudo Religous Chant]
Rise, all you faithful! To the mall! To pay her! 
[This is an oroborous rhyme, means the end should ideally seemless merge with the start]
NikeaudiSnapplebee
FedexxonVerizony
Dellteslariviani
Spotifykiairbnb
Levisalignestlée
DioréalSnapplesea
Burberrybnbbrauntee
Heinzunilevervuittonfé


